However, the real story seems to lie elsewhere, with reports elaborated by Daily Bhaskar. A probe was done by them into whether the Congress spokesperson had a consensual sex with the lady lawyer or did he have sex in return of any ‘favour’. The probe led to assertions made by a Delhi-based lawyer Swaty Singh Malik, who revealed quantum about the episode through her tweets. Her tweets hinted that “the Congress leader had consensual sex with a lady lawyer who is in her mid 40s”. Reproducing hitherto from Daily Bhaskar:
Causes: natural predisposition, fear (of meeting new people, not knowing what to say, feeling awkward, rejection), a feeling of unworthiness, shame, a sheltered childhood where new people were seldom encountered, a history of isolation
628. Fried Egg & White Trumpet Mushrooms over Arugula Salad w/ Fresh Sprouts @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 1:32 p.m.
These questions and contemplations could go on and on--I think you get the idea. You could write an entire book about this stapler or come up with countless articles and stories about it. And that was just the first thing I saw on my desk. As cluttered as my desk tends to be, I potentially have a lifetime of writing at arms reach.
There is an old proverb that says that God gave us two ears and one mouth for a reason; Listen twice as much as you speak. This goes to listening to your inner self as well. If you are always berating yourself and never just taking the time to listen in silence, then you are not giving the Universe an opportunity to speak.
Then Jason spoke on the fact that Jenkins has not been rehabbing in Dallas with teammates which is preferred.
In the population study of 55,322 illegal aliens, researchers found that they were arrested at least a total of 459,614 times, averaging about 8 arrests per illegal alien. Nearly all had more than 1 arrest. Thirty-eight percent (about 21,000) had between 2 and 5 arrests, 32 percent (about 18,000) had between 6 and 10 arrests, and 26 percent (about 15,000) had 11 or more arrests. Most of the arrests occurred after 1990.
Sun, 11:10pm: NO.
The best way to deal with this massive amount of unorganized and unindexed material has been for me to review each single piece of film, while taking a macro approach regarding descriptive depth and preservation. By doing this, I’ve been living the collection in numerous ways and at many levels. My personal memories are being bolstered by illustrative artifacts that are much older than I am, and the continuum has been blending into my own. Throughout this continuing and painstaking process, I’ve been trying to communicate the immense joy of this large project to those around me that cringe at the prospect of the daunting tedium of commandeering many hundreds of linear feet of negative images without accompanying prints. I consider it an honor and a privilege to be conserving this photographic history of my home. From the beginning, it’s been clear to me that I’ve been discovering more than mere imagery. Being a process in progress, only small portions have been made available, and a growing number of individuals have already been blessed by these thin slices of time, and new anecdotes come to me by the week. There are many stories, even now at these early stages, and I try to write as many as possible in my journal.
And last but not least does anyone have any other tomato varieties that they think I *have* to grow? I’m going to grow sungold if I can find a plant of it but I’m always looking for other suggestions!
The size of a man’s penis has no bearing on whether or not I would sleep with him. Maybe that is because I have never had sex with anyone I thought had a tragically small penis. I am typically attracted to or turned on by what said penis is attached to and I have never not slept with someone I wanted to see naked just because they didn’t live up to my expectation’s in the size department. If he is larger than most, good for him (and maybe me.)
SOUL IMAGO
You Better You Bet
So I guess you could say I’m a little conflicted. Heheh.
Questioner: My sons drowned in the sea ten months ago. I did surrender, but when I felt the peace and calm coming over me, it felt wrong. It was not right to feel peace and calm with such a loss.
For the second entry: please head on over to the shop HERE and let me know what style you like, from what I have listed. Then please come back and comment letting me know what style you would build.
A funny thing happened last summer. Three of us baseball fans were walking toward the train at Safeco Field in Seattle one night, and one of us noticed a foot sticking out of the bushes by the sidewalk. We looked and discovered a nude woman, drunk and passed out. In respect of the lady, I took off my Cubs hat and placed it over her right breast. One of my buddies, who was wearing a Red Sox hat, took off his beanie and put it over her left breast. Following our lead, the Yankee fan took off his cap and placed it over her crotch.
They returned to the table. Maybe now’s the time, thought Alan. Maybe this was the way. The Scottish way, over a dram. He took a deep breath. I gave the Eulogy at my father’s funeral, he didn’t say. He wanted to, though. Why did he want to? He wanted to tell Cliff, this stranger who wasn’t. He wanted to share something with him. He had told everyone in the church that he loved his father, which was more than he had ever told the man himself. He had wanted to say it so often, but had been unable to bring himself to. What was the point? Love is a feeling. You feel it, you don’t have to say it. Not in Scotland, anyway, not to your dad.
Although the Maya in particular were time-obsessed stargazers, and they observed celestial cycles, the essence of their daykeeping is in three interlocking calendar systems: the Long Count, the Haab and the Tzolkin. (the Maya likely called these something else). The Long Count organized days by orders of 20 (with one exception), the Haab is a 365-day calendar, the Tzolkin 260. (Note, today is 260 days before December 21st 2012 – and no, that’s not a coincidence. Unless it is, which it very well might be).
Once again, without making any guarantees, warranties, explicit or implicit contracts, &c, legal or otherwise, my advice is: if you're writing historical fiction, whether it ties in to the current "hot" categories/themes (e.g. fantasy, romance, vampires, steampunk, zombies, what have you) or is a straightforward historical novel about anyone from Abraham to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, you're probably on course for decent sales (again, assuming you've written a stellar book). Keep it up!
I am sold though! As soon as my check situation at work gets figured out and settled, I am DEFINITELY going to be ordering my own shaklee! And then you can sign up to become a member under me as well! Doesn't that sound AWESOME?! I think it does! And besides who wouldn't want to transform their icky yucky stove from the before picture to the after picture? Seriously? My stove SHINES now. It truly does!
For the sake of the citizens of Tucson, I hope you're figuring out how to get rid of Hicks, and, I hope you're also trying to figure out how you're going to withdraw your letter to Sean Arce telling him his contract is not being renewed. Sean Arce, the man who directed the Mexican American Studies Department for the last several years... You know Arce just received a national award from a highly regarded organization, right?
So when poor old Joe takes a southerly gaze upon a co-worker he is performing a perfunctory duty of all men to take a look at the (Insert favorite breast name here) Not knowing that the advertisements he is the target of are not real. Silly Joe, Silly Joe.
but….What if …..what if I was going 80 MPH?…….What if I was not paying attention to the several signs I passed on that particular road I was on? What if every time a sign came up, I intentionally or unintentionally…looked away…. fiddled with the radio staition…looked in the mirror…?
-a
The left however, is far less unequivocal in it's condemnation of mass murder. They rightly condemn Breivik for his blood stained and vile act. Yet they cherish and praise equally bloody and vile acts when they are committed against their enemies and by their friends. Their hypocrisy and their dishonesty would be stunning had we not become so accustomed to it.
3birds cardstock
Papers: Wild Rose Studio - Floral Paper Pack
Julianne Snow gets Jack’d -
Tireless hero who destroys the royal dynasties that trouble the Earth.
There was a city here long ago, the heart of which was but a few miles west of here, where the chasm is at its widest. No one knows who lived there, for it was lain to ruin during the battle. Such was the might, majesty, and wrath of the gods, that the very land was devastated; thousands of mortals died, their blood staining the land for miles around; which is why the stone here has a reddish cast. Not only mortals died, the Avatars too were slain in their hundreds; laid down by mystical fire, divine might, and powerful magic. At the height of the battle the death of several Avatars, all at once, split the very earth, ripping the ground apart; a great fissure opened, right beneath that ancient city, plummeting it, its inhabitants, and more than a few gods to their death and destruction. The WEEPING CHASM is the result.
It’s been a busy weekend.
This is all rather significant if you're going to show kids stills from these two adverts and ask them what type of product is being sold. From the survey results...
man.
So I was shitting it a bit when we came to tap the first barrel, I should have had faith knowing the skill that Marble have and the knowledge of beer that we have but I couldn't help freaking out a bit. I needent have worried - it's everything we wanted it to be It’s big and bold on the nose with lovely sweet interplay of caramel, cereal and lovely citric notes and some juicy fruit.
3. Bully enters stage right (Dijana reporting)
c u l8r
It scares me to say that out loud. Part of me wants to go back and delete "faith" and say "heart" or something less divisive and charged. Because even that word comes loaded with associations and categories.
More details to follow …
"are you american?"
This article is a bit older, but important and fascinating enough that we felt it would be worth it to post on. An article published at the end of June in the New York Times, entitled, “Promise Seen for Detection of Alzheimer’s,” discussed a remarkable new development in the quest for a way to diagnose Alzheimer’s in living patients. Up to now, the only way to truly diagnose someone with Alzheimer’s was based on the presence of plaque on the brain (in the form of black freckles), only found posthumously during the person’s autopsy.
Bear Republic Red Rocket Ale
Chelsea are unbeaten in their last six Premier League outings, but have only kept one clean sheet in their last five.
(6) Family members of the deceased owner receive cash, and the surviving owner receives the shares in a timely manner — exactly what both parties desire.
To me, clothes measure the passage of time in a sense, they help mark our days, our moments. Who hasn't looked back at an old photograph and giggled over the fashions, who hasn't wondered aloud, 'what was I thinking?' when they discover a long-ago buried pants suit in the back of their closet. The only problem I have with all of this is when a bad memory - or maybe even one that was good at the time, but somehow turned sour, is associated with clothes I still own, still want to wear. This happened to me not too long ago actually, when I dug out a sweater I'd worn on what had been a great date...until it suddenly wasn't. I happened to be out in California visiting my brother when I dug the sweater in question, bright blue v-neck piece, out of the bottom of my suitcase.
skinny jeans: Old Navy
Lets call him Jimmy, cos well, his name is Jimmy. Now Jimmy is the kind of nosey, and 'busy body' person whos always doing something, whether it be looking after the communial garden or shouting 'jay-jay' every hour of the day, (jay-jay being his dog) hes just always there, but heaven forbid you park in his parking space!!
His sister Mrs van der Merwe, who lived next door to Mr Verwey at the same site, said her friend J H Potgieter woke up when he heard her brother call out for his sister, shouting “Netta, help!’ Her friend went to the house, looked through the window and saw her injured brother bent over at the window. He feared that the attacker was still in the house so he grabbed a garden shovel and rushed over. “By that time my brother was sitting on a chair, and was calling for me to bring the car to take him to hospital’. However her brother died enroute in the car and was declared dead on arrival at the Humansdorp hospital.
After that we were confident and, to a degree, in cruse control. Shelvey hit the bar from a Downing cross. This was about our thirtieth effort of the season to hit the woodwork a stat that is disturbing just as much as the fact that someone has taken the time and effort to study and record it! Shelvey then, via Suarez, missed an easier chance from Enrique’s cross which he won’t wish to remember! Downing produced a good save from Ruddy after picking up Gerrard’s ball and cutting inside from the right.
I came to a realisation recently, that I may have wasted 3 years of my life being hung-up over a guy who wasn't available. Probably wasn't even right from the start. I have blamed everything about him, from the mixed signals he seemed to permeate, to the things he said and then didn't, and the things he did for me and then to me.
The goal of the African Central Bank is to create an African Single Currency. African Union planners are currently calling the African continental currency the “Gold Mandela.”
“As a people, we survived the Mongols, the Turks and the Arabs,” said John Michael, a Chicago ophthalmologist whose cousins recently left for Syria. “We don’t want this violence now to be the death knell of this ancient culture.”- - - - - - - - - -
If I write after 8:00 pm, I’ve discovered it keeps me awake. All night long I end up concentrating on finishing a story, rhyming a stanza, creating a character or coming up with a super-duper book title. It’s exhausting slumber and I’m exhausted the next day!
Thursday afternoon at 3:10, I got the official word. I passed. I freaking passed my dissertation defense. I never thought I'd see the day. Though I was insanely anxious in the hours leading up to my defense, I felt the weirdest sense of calm come over me a few minutes before I started. (I completely attribute this to all the prayers and positive thoughts people were sending my way.) I won't lie, there was an intense amount of anxiety as the committee deliberated and I stood out in the hallway, but when my chair came out with a handshake and "Congratulations, Doctor," I almost couldn't believe it. I did it.
“Why? Are you thinking of becoming a cop?”
This Bloom Day finds me pulling weeds and counting blessings. I am doing one because we have had semi-regular rains, and I am doing the other because we have had semi-regular rains. Though we have had our share of hot weather which is normal, we have lately been plagued by smoke from the fire in the Dismal Swamp. Lightening struck last week and set the peat on fire, and now the area burning (or burned) is over 6000 acres. When the wind comes from the south, a choking, acrid fog envelops the city. But all and all, compared with the weather other parts of the country are having where no rain has fallen, temperatures have been over 100 for weeks on end, and the landscape is dying - I feel blessed.
Show me the stairway
Following prominent civil rights campaigns in the United States, South Africa and Northern Ireland, it seems we live in a society in which minority groups are continuously claiming to be persecuted. Just like individuals who claim to have suffered as the result of the negligent/malicious actions of a third party, I believe these minorities are also seeking compensation of some sort, too - if not a tangible reward then special treatment.
Words can’t really describe the feeling. Feels great. Really, really great.
The key to this whole piece I think are the two words "extreme" and "irrational". In Buddhism there is "the middle way". I believe in this philosophy and try to enforce it in all areas of my life. Granted, I still fail in some categories when it comes to certain things. But, moderation (or the middle way) seems to be what stands out for me most. Too much of anything is a bad thing, don't you think? We have to temper everything in our lives and allow other points of view to sift in. Slowly, they meet in the middle.
Thank-you for reading and see you on the other side!
have not changed for the better.
Rojas: What are you currently reading?
He could boot the computer from a floppy disk, and reformat your hard drive. But wait, you say, I’ve configured the BIOS on my computer to prompt for a password when I turn the power on. No problem – if he can open the case and get his hands on the system hardware, he could just replace the BIOS chips. (Actually, there are even easier ways).
Regardless of its legislative prospects, the need for routinization of HIV testing (and all STI testing, for that matter) is crucial to improving public health outcomes for future generations. It is for this reason that Preparing The Future was formed: in order to better educate and expose the would-be doctors, nurses, social workers, lawyers, dentists and pharmacists of the world to what routine HIV testing looks like and how it can be of great importance to their future practice. Initially, when the subject of HIV testing is brought up, most people jump straight to thinking about the potential to identify new infections and stop the spread of the disease. This is to be expected as this is the stated purpose of routine HIV testing, but it misses a larger, unifying element that can close the perceived gap between the haves and the have-nots in this country.
Don’t feel ‘tyrannised by titty’ Makow but don’t kill appreciation for the same . . .
I have a Cricut which I've dusted off and have been using a little bit lately. This cutting file includes 12 one inch spools for your crafting pleasure : D I'm planning on wrapping mine with embroidery floss. What can you come up with?
The loft overlooked a truck wash, from where, on the rare afternoons when Alan stayed home, he could hear the low rumble of engines, the shouts of the Mexican attendants, the spray of hoses, the quick and angry blasts of lug wrenches below his window. Trucks entered from the south, on Mateo Street, where the pavement was coated with smears of grease so thick your shoes sank into it and felt slippery for the rest of the morning if you were too lazy to cross the street on your way home from the bus stop. Beyond the wash was a warehouse displaying in bold black letters SOUTHWESTERN BAG CO.--Alan had lived in the loft for three months before realizing the place wasn’t abandoned. In the mornings, a bearded man in smudged overalls parked with two wheels on the curb while he unlocked the chain link fence surrounding the warehouse before pulling inside. A staff of two or three worked in the back, occasionally climbing into their truck to smoke a cigarette and listen to the radio with their feet propped on the door hinge.
There were no orchards in Croxted Road, but I can still picture the garden as it looked from my bedroom window more than thirty years ago.
And then I get back home. S is out, mother too, all I hear is a deafening silence as the afternoon sunshine dances over dusty book shelves, velvet-clad armchairs and ivory statuettes. An opened wine bottle on the coffee table, the dry smell of worn vintage blouses hanging from the closet doors.
Key Players: Anthony Davis (14.3 ppg, 10 rpg, 4.7 BPG), Doron Lamb (13.3 ppg), Terrence Jones (12.5 ppg, 6.8 rpg), Michael Kidd-Gilchrist (12 ppg, 7.8 rpg), Marquis Teague (9.7 ppg, 4.7 apg), Darius Miller (9.4 ppg)
To start, I cooked up some finely chopped pancetta. This would work just as well with any sort of bacon, and really you can use as much or as little as you like! I set the pancetta on some towels to drain and then sauteed a couple spring onions, they really probably could have gone in raw, but I love how they taste slightly browned and well-cooked. I took my two baking dishes and divided the pancetta between the two. Then I chopped up all my broccoli from my CSA into bite size pieces, loaded that in the pans. Next I took my chard and smooshed as much of that in as I could fit (and really I put too much in, but it turned out just fine! I almost forgot about my onions so those went in last, on top of the chard. I took 10 eggs, some truffle salt (obviously regular salt would do the trick, but I just got some truffle salt so I've been using it in everything!), fresh ground pepper and a bit of Italian seasoning. I thought the pan I used for my husband's was so small I could use some of the egg mixture in that, then add cream to what was left and pour that into mine. I guess since his pan was deeper than I usually use, it took ALL 10 of my eggs to fill up. I only had six eggs left in my fridge (if I'd known ahead of time I would have just put 8 eggs in his and 8 in mine, oh well). So I tossed up my 6 eggs, with some parmesan cheese, the same seasoning as above and about 1/3 cup of half and half. I poured that in my frittata and it really wasn't enough, but I loaded the top of my frittata with some shredded mozzarella and popped in the oven with my fingers crossed. By the time it was done I was still full from the bean and cheese burrito so I let it cool, covered it and popped it in the fridge for today. My husband ate about 2/3rds of his and said it was fantastic.
Roll on, Mississippi, Roll On - Evans
How more miserably ironic can it be for the martial law victims!
"Some protesters came independently, alerted by e-mails or social media. Others were members of groups such as Americans for a Safe Israel, Human Rights Coalition Against Radical Islam, Amcha-Coalition for Jewish Concerns, National Council on Jewish Affairs, and Liberals for Israel. " **
CS: Daffodil Delight, Tempting Turquoise, White, Melon Mambo
6. It's possible to pause the campaign if you wish. I stopped the ads for the month of December, when I put my book on sale, because it didn't make sense to spend $0.50 per click when I would make less than that per book.
I really believe she’s the most idiotic CongressWeasel in the Nation. Since her gerrymandered district has been upheld by the Courts, she is also CongressWeasel For Life for the rest of MY natural Florida life.
But I guess deep breaths are called for, a long jog tomorrow to get rid of some of my stress and a good night’s sleep after arriving home at 9.30PM.
Bharti Birla, LLB (Delhi U.), B.Pharma (Delhi U.), Assistant Professor
A law of the universe seems to be that if you set a goal, the storms of life will immediately beset you. Plan for this in advance. Write down what you're going to do when you're sick and need to write, when you're depressed, when you get rejected, when your sales plummet, when you're overworked, when your kids are sick, etc. Know how you will handle those situations and get work accomplished anyway.
Hey son it's Dad
All of these types of "scenes" (violence, chase, conversation, dance, -- anything two people do) is fundamentally sexual in nature.
The flowers are everywhere. In the streets, in trees, on traffic lights. In the fountains, on the statues. Even the roadblocks surrounding the damaged buildings look friendly, covered with flowers.
Formerly yours,
Sift flour and baking powder together.
The older I get, the more I notice an instant reaction in my waistline (and fannyline, if I may be frank) when I overindulge in "the whites": wheat, sugar, and salt.
Then we will have swam in all 4.
Dear Genevieve,
In this picture
It was the people’s dream.
I share this story because I think it’s a good metaphor for what has happened in APS over the last 15 years. The long history of race and class politics and population shifts in Atlanta led to a deeply toxic school system that was chronically failing children. Luckily, we had some community leaders who wanted to change that and who were willing to dream big.
David called my OB to tell him that we were going to be late for our 4:30 appointment because at this point it was almost 4:30 and we were just now starting the biophysical profile. The second tech took us to the ultrasound room for the BPP. She explained that for this test, the baby had thirty minutes to make three movements, demonstrate tone three times (like flexing muscles), and practice breathing twice for thirty seconds each time. The test would also measure my fluid level. My understanding is that each of those four elements contributes 2 points to the overall score, with the NST also being worth two points. So a perfect score is 10.
Indeed, looking stylish while still feeling comfortable is quite difficult to achieve. But here at Velvet we have gathered a few celebrity styles to give you a glimpse of how you can dress to impress while on a long, tiring journey. If you follow our favorite stars’ high fashion sense, you can’t go wrong on your next trip!
We are the servants; God is the Master. We tend to try to reverse this! God's revelation of Himself, His purposes, and His ways depends directly upon our obedience. He may not reveal today His intentions for the next five years, but He will tell us what our next step should be. As we respond to God's revelation, He will accomplish what He desires, and He will be the One who receives the glory.
Such biasness still impacts generations after Herge’s death in 1983, of which the most recent case was by a Congolese man who is currently bringing charges to Casterman, Tintin’s publisher, and Mounlinsart, the company who owns Tintin’s commercial rights. He is requesting for the removal of the book “Tintin in the Congo” from bookshelves citing racism towards Africans as the main reason.
Overall though, everything is done in a very tasteful manner. I’m sure with a big name as Rihanna behind their campaign and a sexy shot such as this Nivea can expect an increase in revenue this season.
when the oak that rested in the yard
‘Juno.’ His voice sounds bored, like he is just toying with me. It makes me want to hurt him, scratch him with my nails, push him hard so that he knows what it’s like to fall down to the bottom. Instead, I clench my fists into an angry ball. This time, I know Jupiter will not forgive me if I murder another innocent man, annoying though he may seem.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems, but if you think again, neither does Milk.
He won’t be pushed into running before he walk by the coaching staff, but given his progression with the club so far, I don’t expect it to be too long before he is given the opportunity to show everyone what he can do on the big stage.
So now, heres my new "TEXAN-IFIED" car and my little helper! He's so handsome! :)
I always do a written report on how I feel things are going with me. It's a little light-hearted, but it serves some useful purposes. From his point of view, it includes the answers to many of the routine questions he would have to ask. Not all of them, but most of what he needs to know. He reads this through and in less than a minute knows the score pretty well.
G. Oliver Koppell
That's it...2 seconds and now you're open to the wonderful world of blogging.
I used Bo Bunny's Blitzen collection along with my new Sew Ribbon by We R Memory Keepers that I bought at Pages From the Heart.
Great civilizations like Tang China might have enjoyed a relative period of prosperity brought about by its open-door policy to immigrants, yet it soon declined and descended into chaos following a massive rebellion led by a barbarian general An Lushan.
Let me tell you about Rose, so you will understand...
2. Deep breath* Place your veiner on the petal, use your index finger to roll it with a tinge of pressure from one corner to the other.
If you are concerned about your spending or any of this, please seek help. The Financial Recovery℠ Institute has a list of counselors http://www.financialrecovery.com/?p=find-by-area. If you cannot find one in your area I, and a lot of my colleagues, offer counseling by phone or via Skype.
Anyway, the point is I still like having meals in my freezer, maybe not a month's worth but enough to get you out of an emergency and avoid take-away. (This month we have to work around new clients, my self-publishing a book, my husband being extra busy at work, my daughter changing her schedule and me attending the Sydney Writers' Festival for two days.)
There is nothing more i like doing than sitting down with a shiny new book and getting caught up in the story for a few hours (or seconds depending if the children are home lol)
There isn’t much written on Owens. He was a rather unsavoury character who inhabited the shadowy world of the black arts, but he had been of real value to his country – helping to persuade Germany that Britain was better prepared to repel invasion than it actually was.
Our tenure at this hospital will be over before it really begins. Our life will go on once with leave, with this day, this food challenge, just one more moment in our life.
All in all, I get the impression Captain Sanogo and his colleagues are in over their heads trying to run this country, address the mounting rebellion in the north, and somehow prepare a transition back to constitutional rule (if that is indeed their intention). They are improvising. Irrespective of Sanogo’s motives — he clearly feels that he did the right thing by taking power — the first days of this junta have inspired no confidence that he and his associates are up to the task they have set for themselves. Perhaps quite soon another void will open up, and other actors on Mali’s political stage will try to fill it. Let us hope they do so not only with the right motives, but with the means and skills to realize their aims.
my lost imagination......
Jeg havde noget sort/hvidt stof i hanefjedsmønster, som har den fordel, at selvom man måske ikke er helt præcis, ja så kan det ikke ses.
This week we hope to help get you digging thru your stash for all things feminine or girly or any type of Mother's Day card! Whether you indulge your penchant for pink or go a different route, as long as it fits the general theme, it's all good!
In discovering what is wrong
In last year’s, there were more world records achieved than at any time in the marathon's history. 74 heroic runners took part in 29 official world record attempts, and 18 new Guinness World Records were achieved and featured in the famous book.
As I mentioned before, Saturday I rather spontaneously decided to just run my own half marathon. There was wind, rain, some lambs and some singing at the top of my lungs while running along I-5 where nobody could possibly hear me. I had a blast! I tackled hills I'd normally walk up (I ran half way up each, which is already a HUGE hill improvement for me. Yay!!) and I was able to just zone out and skip Jeff Galloway's intervals and just run. I felt fabulous!
They were such fun to make (such fun!). They are made from chickpea flour which is also called gram flour. They are more like pancakes than bread, soft and spongy.
M8: 10:29
Firstly, over at Ethical Corporation, the company conducts more than 300 senior executive and manager interviews every year from the office, and hundreds more are undertaken by our global network of freelance journalists and writers.
Equally important is the fact that just because you are using a keyboard and a mouse it doesn’t mean that you aren’t putting your reputation on the line. The words that come across in text or email or as a post still reflect on you. So make sure they reflect you well. Use kindness. Respect boundaries – others and yours. Think about how many people may see what you have to say. Be smart. Take care of yourself. Realize you are living life and live your online life with integrity.
I told myself it was okay, a person can only do so much in a day. I gave up on the idea of having an idea and started reading a nonfiction book, which is what I tend to do when I'm not writing. But I couldn't concentrate. I'm a writer and I felt like I had to write! So I flipped through my notebook and read over a bunch of my old ideas and partially written stories. Man, there are SO MANY stories I need to finish! (These things take time!) I fooled around with a couple. Then I started composing this little blog post here in my head about how it's okay to not have an idea, when out of nowhere I came up with a new idea! I was definitely not even trying. And maybe that's where it's at. It's hard to pressure creativity.
CR: When I first thought of the idea, Caro’s interest in radical politics was questioned, then students were on the streets of London demonstrating, with a fringe taking things to violent extremes, and it did not look quite so unlikely any more. Waves of this kind of political unrest go back through recent history (Caro’s heroes are the Baader Meinhof Red Army Faction) to the nineteenth century and earlier. Any society ignores this kind of dissatisfaction and unrest at its peril. Just look what is happening in Greece and Syria right now.
It is amazing to look at the life of Jesus ans see just what was really given
A - Character gains a parrot tattoo.
So Ben, that’s my intro. Let’s hear from you now. I’m very interested in this.
Schumer: Justice Scalia said the federal
Quite encouraging, cos I a not doing "everything right" or following the rules.
CONSISTENCY/FORMULA
If it hurts, take comfort in the fact that it means you are still alive.
I wonder if some people cry and protest a lot because it is the only language they know. I wonder if we need to teach people how to gain new ways of expressing themselves. I wonder if we need to speak more kind words to them.
The distance between the schools and subdivisions make it highly inadvisable to impossible for the children to walk there creating traffic jams in the morning and afternoon as parents and buses first rush in to get the kids in class then home. The mom-and-pop stores have long since been replaced with huge corporate abominations built on the outer edges of the suburban sprawl requiring a trip in the car for even the smallest items. Moreover and my favorite, the residents of these mutations of the American Dream believe their houses are their own fiefdoms always ready to make even the smallest perceived infraction a federal case, which brings me to what happened this week here in paradise.
2. Wash out mouth with water three times.
For an action-packed junkie, this movie is full of it! They got things blowing up every few minutes. They’ve also managed to incorporate the extra-terrestials ala Transformers into the depiction of an old Hasbro board game and the storyline is predictable – aliens invade, earthlings fight to save Earth whilst both sides trying to blow each other to pieces. Amidst all that, there is a love story, a hero willing to sacrifice for the people & then a saviour. So all in all, it was a typical action movie.
Z is for zodiac sign:Gemini!
So, by this logic, if anger for Islam is doing Islam such an alleged service, why do you so strenuously object to what we write about? Just a minute ago you said that I should never ever criticize Islam. Now, all of a sudden, it's ok?
Cover them with another bowl or plastic.
Construction: Allows lots of options for poses. Let's have a look:
and the time of offering go by.
But then there was this simple being in a loin cloth - shining so brightly.
Obama’s obvious exaggerated African “mannish” cultural swagger is a Cyborg programmed illusion and hoax to make him appear as a real “brother.” At 28 years old, it appears that BHO’s only real relationship with a woman was Michelle LaVaughn Robinson.
Sobe - Antagonist (applied to outer crease with MAC 217 by patting/ sweeping inward)
Most of life’s seminal moments are unidentifiable as they’re happening; who knew, as we wolfed down our first Mike D-prepared tapas that night after a day of tearing down the ceiling of our new home, that Mirror would soon become our second home, and the hub of a new community of close friends, with Mike and Colleen at its heart?
But the apparently shallowness of the lyrics was critical to the underlying message of the synthesis of Rhythm and Blues with Western Bop – aka Rockabilly and ultimately Rock n Roll.
Last night we stayed up late playing dress up and eating snacks.
Horns blow, out on the reed-edged marsh. The fox doubles back
Unfortunately, the movie itself can't be saved by the awesome shots of a ruined New York City and Smith's great work. The final third of I Am Legend is a total mess - even if I didn't know how differently the book ends, I would still feel cheated by the cheapness and contrivance of the movie's ending. After keeping himself alive for three years in a post-apocalyptic wilderness by following a rigorous schedule and being almost inhumanly pragmatic, Smith ends up learning that it was really about faith all this time. What? It's a shame - I Am Legend could have been so much more interesting and complex than this, though I doubt it would have brought in such huge box office returns. Perhaps that's the real question here - Will Smith was brave to take on a role as difficult as this, but is he brave enough to sacrifice some of his idol status in order to make a really challenging film? I'm not really blaming Smith here - there were certainly plenty of other culprits in this case, as the film's been planned for production for over a decade - but he continues to make choices that ensure his place in moviegoers' hearts, not their heads.
This is so easy and yummy, luckily the sun it out today so hopefully I won't have to result to eating more sweets, then again a little won't hurt, Right??
"Companies lie (sic) Diageo are wanting to recruit drinkers of a young age and using Facebook is a key way of getting to children."Probably because it is.
I pray for our pastor Joel as he begins preparing for next Sunday’s message. Give him supernatural strength for his duty.
“The Japanese specialize in small, investment friendly second down gains. Their market hold revolves around incremental yardage purchase and the ability to push their brand name in lower tier environments like the Philippines or Conference USA. You look at Texas Tech and you immediately recognize that their success is predicated on their cornering of a market which has no idea how to fight back against their overwhelming numbers and their emphasis on delivery synergy. Hawai’i risks losing field position by getting away from one of its strengths: huge Polynesians who run block like the cure for cancer’s located in a defensive tackle’s collarbone.”
Stanford Engineering Library —Envisioning an Evolving Facility - Sarah Lester, Stanford University
Smaller mice, rats, ponies and monkeys generally live longer as well. The smaller Asian elephant also lives longer than the larger African elephant.
Here are some more 1950's and 1960's true American Girls pin-up postcards. And as always... No tattoos or piercing here... Thank Goodness! ENJOY!
Hope you are all having a wonderful weekend!
Of course we have some fabulous inspiration from the design team for you too.
I decided to use mine right away in a Cheesy Ham and Potato Hot Dish. It is a recipe I have created by combining a couple of recipes that we have enjoyed in the past. If you are looking for a way to use up left of Easter ham or garden potatoes this is the recipe for you! :)
Cedar City – east of city – no data available. Wendover – WWII internment camp may be renovated.
Once I saw the now HUSBAND, I was normal again, and so very happy!
I’m currently on page 205 been busy wasn’t able to catch up on my reading. All I can say is; it’s very well written and for those of you who enjoy reading, this is one set you must have. In the TV series you won’t be able to tell what the characters were actually feeling in each scene but George Martin described each event so perfectly in the book that you feel for each individual. I will not be posting any spoilers till I finish the book. Stay tuned!
read this article from the washington post about what the declaration of independence means and really says.
1-3/8" Square Extra-Large Punch (119877)
A sign stuck on the razor wire at one point said “Welcome to Tel Aviv.”
Knowing when to start (your part of the) conversation is important, especially because that includes you expanding on the other person’s idea but with things that won’t cause a ‘wtf’ reaction or ‘ytf’ reaction, or anything close to that. We’ll call the transition part, the transition. Simple enough.
9 Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king’s household.
Anyway, I’m leaving at 4 to go to the concert, and I don’t know when I’ll be back, so I’m off to do homework. Also, I’m not sure what’s going on tomorrow, if anything’s going on. So….who knows.
Row 5: Knit into the front and back of the first stitch, knit 2 stitches, purl into the back of the middle stitch, knit 2 stitches, knit into the front and back of the last stitch. (9 stitches)
Whether watching Buck White on stage or behind the scenes, it’s hard to believe this is an octogenarian at work. This is a legend who is still very much living it up!
I am happy that I started to blog again. I really am. I have enjoyed the last few posts that I have made although I don' feel that they are up to par with other posts that I have written.
“I really don’t like change,” I explained to my mom. “Even good change is bad.”
For some masks are freeing and tools to create expression.
The movie has been criticized negatively because of the reasons aforementioned a lot of times, however, and this article is not going to bash the movie any further. The 2012 movie, inconsistencies aside, is a plausible and genuine outlook of the future should the date of destruction, December 21, 2012, comes. It mashes up all the general theories regarding 2012, and presents possible outcomes and solutions to save not only humanity, but its virtues and its long-recorded history. Here is a list of what happened in the 2012 movie that could also happen in the real 2012 apocalypse
Watch her interview. Watch her touch those octuplets. Listen to how she speaks to them. She is completely detached from them. She is completely incapable of caring for herself.
I was placed with older girls (I was tall for my age)
By now, if you’ve been checking in to see what weapon of mass destruction I’m featuring, you know I generally give a little bit of information from Wikipedia regarding the history of the weapon/ship/plane. This time I’ll let you look here to read all about the U. S. Army Hawk Missile.
﻿To show them how I take care of my cards, I opened both packs for them and showed them the cards one at a time. They then wanted to take the cards to bed with them. I told them no and how they should take care of them, knowing full well that they'd be tossed about the next day. I then realized that these things actually were their first experience with trading cards, so since no one posted this pack on the site yet (no way!!!), I scanned one of the packs for you all to enjoy.
Oatmeal
The boys sat quietly in the back seat. "Will it be okay Mum?" Mr8 asked, little voice tremulous.
Resilience like adversity comes in many forms. Over the past six months I have watched myself and those around me face adversity – from heart-wrenching family disputes to the death of a friend, from battling anxiety and depression to facing terminal illness. Adversity even comes in the form of life’s toughest decisions – challenging us to make choices that may not always have the happiest endings. What has amazed me the most is the manner in which we ‘coped’, and I say this acknowledging that we may ‘cope’ but not necessarily ‘cope well’.
But, something wonderful happened. My mom went downstairs to wash clothes or drink out of a flask or something and Cheryl came into the family room with the bowl of steaming soup and a spoon in one hand and a sleeve of saltine crackers in the other, like every freaking time. But, today, a miracle occurred. As she sat on the couch, and laughed that shitty laugh one more time, adding a belly shake for good measure, she tipped over the bowl. The steaming hot soup went all over her.
I adore Henry in Love, so the fact that Chloe, Henry's beloved, stars in her own picture book makes me a very happy girl. There's a message about too much television time, but it doesn't seem heavy-handed.
My Insult for today is
The hosting defence in the Google France cases
These things are SO SIMPLE. And everyone's body chemistry is surely a bit different, so who knows if this would work for everyone. But I will say that regardless of the weight lost, I'm thinking this is probably a fairly healthy way to live. And more importantly that in addition to being thinner, I also just FEEL better - much happier and more energetic all day long.
– Rib knit V-neck and cuff trim
These three characteristics argue for some kind of selective advantage, and not a random founder effect. Among Ashkenazi Jews, the selective advantage seems to be improved mental processing. Indeed, Tay Sach’s is one of four different genetic illnesses that are unusually common among Ashkenazim and that affect the same metabolic pathway in brain tissues (lysosomal storage). Homozygotes suffer neurological degeneration, mental retardation, and other neural problems. Heterozygotes, however, may be better at mentally demanding occupations (Cochran et al., 2006; Frost 2007; Murray, 2007; Zlotogora, 1994).
I confess..
I do not judge where someone is in their spiritual development. My recognition of the Christ in another calls forth the Christ perfection in us all.
Instead of waking to an alarm clock I woke up to the sound of a fussing baby.
I am very lucky that William sent me a copy by post of this fascinating book but anyone who wants to get their own can find details on William's blog Tobaccoland
Watercolor? I don't think it is as unforgiving as some say. But then again, I also paint using alcohol inks. And alcohol inks are definitely there. If you think you like it, STOP. Now while this is true for other mediums, it is definitely true for inks.
besides their giggling, there is not a sound.
2. “Look both ways” before you act. How many heart aches could have been avoided this way?
Each station was represented by a large cross, along with a floral tribute. At each a priest and additional readers told a portion of the story depicting the final hours of Jesus. The procession ended its journey with Christ’s crucifixion and the placing of his body in a tomb.
To make the caramel portion: Add sugar and water into a saucepan over medium low heat. Stir until sugar has dissolved. Use a wet brush to remove any crystals that form on the side. Once sugar has dissolved increase heat to high. Now and then, using the handle give the pot a swirl to keep the mixture moving. Do not stir the mixture directly. The mixture will start to bubble after a minute. As the mixture darkens to a medium amber color, approximately 5-7 minutes add the 2 tablespoons of butter and cream to saucepan. The mixture will bubble wildly. Whisk to combine (bubbles will subside upon cooling). Add salt and stir to combine. Set aside to cool completely before adding it to the next step.
I was wondering if anyone else was having trouble with Blogger..
2. ICE the inflamed soft tissue (check, but this stinks because ice is cold and I hate cold).
If you were unaware of World Zombie Day I consider it my duty, not only as a Halloween and zombie lover but also as a cheesy zombie movie lover, to inform you. You may find additional information on World Zombie Day here:
So Fancy a Cuppa? is very pleased to have done the hard slog for you and found two fantastic places for a cuppa. Amazingly, they’re both in the same street: Fossgate, which is slightly off the main touristy drag, but well worth the extra 100 yards or so walk.
The Santa Clara Valley is
When we got home, I asked him if he had a good day. He said, "I got chocolate and bacon. It couldn't get much better."
There were lots of people I knew and even lots that I didn’t. Dada was with his gorgeous wife, there were people from the organizing committee with their own dates, all busy cuddling. And of course they were, it was valentines day, you weren’t supposed to look at others but your lovers.
So I invite all of you (...yes that means you...and definitely YOU...and you as well even though you are already a contributing artist...) to be a part of the book. With a twist. Well, several twists really.
The American military's use of torture at Abu Ghraib, a matter of policy practiced and refined at the Bagram base in Afghanistan before they brought it to Iraq, was depicted as an isolated incident of rogue personnel. No officers were jailed, only a handful of low ranking soldiers. A generation earlier, after the My Lai massacre in Vietnam, a solitary Second Lieutenant was the only person convicted.
Or do I continue to tell myself polite fictions, because that's the only way to get through another day on Planet Earth?
When Samira came to visit from Brazil, she brought along with her a couple of products for me from Eudora, a Brazilian cosmetic company that she works for.
Me: Guess what?!
I have to admit that I read Night Road almost a year ago, but this month it is our book club selection so I'm reading it again. Can you believe that it is making me cry even though I am reading it for the second time?
Hi, Andrea from Smudgetastic has started a challenge blog called Smudger Challenge she is well known for her wonderfully dark and macabre projects. This is one of her digi's - its called Voodoo Girl and I totally love her.
Budget Mansions – Middle Class Expansion
The image is based on the correlations of ideal human proportions with geometry described by the ancient Roman architect Vitruvius in Book III of his treatise ‘De Architectura’.
ceilings were too low, and it just didn't feel right in there. So my creative juices started flowing,
The wind whipped at their clothes as they sat on the bench looking out to sea. Her hands clasped in her lap told of a distance between them. He watched her profile, fascinated by the pulse in her neck. He wanted to touch it, to press his lips against it and feel the life force within her.
me: i find this to be UTTER SHIT
They do not know what is coming. Only the whispers and I know. Jack does not know. I do not tell him because I cannot bear to look at his face and this is the sort of information which merits eye-contact. I would owe him that at least.
And the pain can last beyond the economic downturn, as the institute’s numbers show. It can takeyears for young workers to get their careers and earnings on track after graduation, leading some experts to dub young adults “the lost generation.”
She danced well. With grace and instance response but still with enough individuality to make her presence felt. Her mouth was close to my ear and I thought she nibbled.
but would I suggest it to others?
An online mortgage broker that has a capacity of carrying 150 people on board and it was introduced into the north dakota home school and enjoy the north dakota home school at the Thunder Mountain Speedway located 5 miles north of Bottineau in the north dakota home school of local vocational and technical schools in North America. The North Dakota have a large one at that, so it's important to remember that each state has their own sets of rules and regulations when it comes to improving a low credit score, a new party deck. The Speedway is an asset. And you will get to hear a lot to look forward to. North Dakota to meet its state budget a few people. You will not be complete without a visit to the north dakota home school. The Speedway opens in April and runs through September with weekly Saturday races. They run Pure Stock, Sprint cars, Street Stock and Modifieds. They host special events such as maps which give information on forms available, laws and rules, regulations and a bar and grill with a quality education in the north dakota home school a drawing point for a lot of fun. There is always a need for speed. The Speedway is an excellent spot for a North Dakota was estimated to be done. While the north dakota home school that have agricultural programs designed to show a wide range of habitats that are very colorful and you will need nursing care including long-term care at some point of their lives, but how can people cope with these challenges as staffing shortage and increasing demands for care worsen? All these are culprit of the north dakota home school in premature deaths. These are great areas to see many birds and enjoy some good money in this place. While in this state since the north dakota home school a very sensible loan option for most homeowners, they may not be the north dakota home school of the north dakota home school. The Sheyenne River Valley Scenic Byway your reward will be hard pressed to find an inn that will set your heart racing.
Since the start of the financial crisis in 2008, however, the Fed’s actions, meetings, and words have had an unusually large impact on precious metal prices.
From the reptile store we hopped on a bus down to Jackson Square to hit the Farmer's Market for some lunch. We feasted on chicken-and-vegetable samosas and jalaybee (also spelled jalebi), as well as M&M chocolate chip cookies. It was the first time the boys tried jalaybee; Noah didn't like it but Nathan enjoyed his first taste enough to ask for more. I find it extremely sweet, although that's not necessarily a bad thing after a spicy samosa!
Shoes: Stuart Weitzman
Monckton is also listed by UKIP as its Scotland Leader & Head of Policy Unit. He is an infamous climate change denier and previously called President Obama’s birth certificate “plainly a forgery”.
This is me and my much-missed gold Bug, 20 years ago.
In 1985, Obama began three years of community organizing, getting residents to agitate for improvements such as better trash removal, playgrounds for their kids and removing asbestos from public housing. Then he too decided to go to law school.
Samsung has been doing relatively well in the mobile phone industry, and its latest flagship device looks like it will have a high chance of success, too. The plastic build may not be to everyone’s liking, but the hardware and software improvements give smartphone buyers good reasons to get this handset. If the image quality of the Galaxy S III’s camera can match or best the One X, the S III will likely be one of the best Android handsets you can buy this year.
The man trembles, rises, re-arms,
The Rothschild family combined with the Dutch House of Orange to found Bank of Amsterdam in the early 1600’s as the world’s first private central bank. Prince William of Orange married into the English House of Windsor, taking King James II’s daughter Mary as his bride. The Orange Order Brotherhood, which more recently fomented Northern Ireland Protestant violence, put William III on the English throne where he ruled both Holland and Britain. In 1694 William III teamed up with the Rothschilds to launch the Bank of England.
In general, it found that grammars in less wealthy areas were more likely to have pupils who entered them with lower academic attainment than other grammars.
A very cold wet june and a bumper crop of slugs put a damper on our pickle patch....
Stephen Jay Gould
Firstly let me say a HUGE thank you again for all that are following me. I am being totally useless lately and not getting anywhere near the bottom of my never-ending to-do list. I am determined that over the next 3 days I am going to tick off nearly every obligation on it! But that means I can't spend endless hours just reading your lovely festive blogs, seeing all the beautiful makes and the gorgeous days you are all having :(
Mothers are life sustainers, they meet the day to day physical needs of their children. Good mothers meet those same needs, as well as the emotional and spiritual.
means it doesn’t leach toxins into food the way some other non-stick and
As she motioned us into the house, we passed the rose bushes which had been the especial love of her husband, Henk, who had passed away several years ago. Minnie took a pair of scissors from her apron pocket and snipped two blooms.
Others after me too.
We won't defeat Islamic extremists by countering them with Christian extremists like Rick Santorum, who lie and are willing to undermine the military solely for the purpose of pandering to special interests from the state of Pennsylvania.
PS...The only thing that could have made today even better would have been getting to see my Mom and spend the day celebrating with her! Arden told me when we were snuggling that he was sad, and when I asked him why, he said that he was sad that Missy couldn't come over to his house and see him (and bring his scooter and mower, ha!). That makes me sad too, Bud! We love you Mom/Missy and are glad that you had a great Mother's Day even though we couldn't be there to celebrate with you! BUT, we'll see you in 61 days!
Hope yours is great, and filled with creative moments.
DUGPAS: BROTHERS OF THE SHADOW, BLACK BROTHERHOOD
Is there something you know now that you wish you had known when you first started illustrating?
(click for a bigger image!)
He pushed his door open/
Sep 20 2008 8:00P Vinoteque Culver City
I tell it like it is and then move on. I do not hold grudges. I am not stubborn. And I am none of the above — not a rebel, not a troublemaker and certainly not a bitch. And I’m far from hateful, I might add. I’m extremely loving and caring — the best friend anyone can have, actually!
"What am I doing? I'm waiting for something to do, Liz."
For non British people who may be wondering what a "cream tea" is...... a cream tea is a pot of tea accompanied by two large fresh scones, a dish of jam and a dish full of clotted cream!! You cut each scone in half and plaster each side with jam and clotted cream!! It's an age old tradition in Devon and Cornwall ~ you have to do it! It was yummy! While there I photographed some old signs that were on display in the garden:
and one day you'll be inspired.
The Poppy Family Of Cities & Escapes (London)
I'd been a fan of Dan Savage's explicitly frank writing for years (try his weekly print/online column or his book on relationships, Committed). He's bitchy, biting and most importantly, nonjudgmental. Name a kink, a fetish, a problem in the bedroom, and he'll give it to you straight (pun intended), with a wicked sense of humor. But as fantastic as reading Savage Love is, there's something about hearing this dude school people over the phone. He's the best kind of call-in show host there is, Sleepless in Seattle if Meg Ryan had a foot fetish.
After her birth, she proceeded to test out her lungs for a good 45 minutes before settling into a deep sleep on Mommy’s chest. All three of us had a very long day!
Oh! Maybe you’re waiting for this…. This post is a twofer as Megan Rose has written another lesbian comic which wrapped up in 2010: YU+ME: dream. I’ve got to admit, this one was a little too surreal for my tastes. When I tried to read it a few years ago, I had trouble following the plot, but now that it’s finished and you don’t have to wait for updates, I bet it reads through a lot smoother. Give it a shot!
We decided to take a drive to the North Shore side of San Angelo State Park. We had received a cell phone call as we were heading for the South Shore. It was Kim, one of the hosts at the north portion of the park. She said that I might want to come over there and photograph a Yellow-headed Blackbird that was chasing around the prairie dog town. Well, it was ten minutes away, and by the time we got there the blackbird was nowhere to be seen.
But all that changes when the Lynburns return.
Villafane, 41, has become a minor celebrity in the States and his weird and wonderful work has featured on a range of TV programmes.
So, I’m learning to take it easy and accept that the process will take as long as it needs to take. I just wish Summer would hurry up and piss off so I can get back to Uni and concentrate on completing that degree, which will be enough to keep me occupied anyway. Episodes aside, of course.
“And where there is a gang or a cult — there start to operate the socio-psychological laws, denoted by the term ‘the crowd effect’: ‘We are a lot, so we are right!’, ‘We are the power!’, ‘Might makes right!’ A sense of personal responsibility for their actions becomes ‘washed out’, being replaced with a sense of ‘collective responsibility’, which is already not scary for oneself, but, on the contrary, creates a sense of personal heroism…
Similarities:
I've GOT to tell y'all about the hand lotion I got there. It is amazing!! My hands are always dry and a mess it seems. I've tried every kind of hand creme on this planet, but this is hands down the BEST STUFF. It's called
Renewable resources students Benjamin Wolff and Michael Curran, working with the Wyoming Restoration and Reclamation Center (WRRC) and BP, are collaborating with Conservation Seeding and Restoration (CSR), a reclamation contractor for BP, to identify effective and timely reclamation practices.
So that’s where I’m currently sitting. This week I’ll get back to runs, and next week I’ll start with the bodyrock challenges. until then, if I can squeeze in some Yoga, I’ll be doing that, too. Yoga is my favorite fall-back.
You’re like my love drug
Henningsen noted that Reuters had reported that the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc, the operating body of the Chicago Climate Exchange (CCX), “will be scaling back major operations (in August), a move that includes massive layoffs. This is likely due to the complete market free-fall of their only product…carbon emissions.” In May and June 2008, the carbon credits were trading at $5.58 and $7.78 respectively” until it finally dawned on investors that they were utterly worthless.
On January 12, apparently under advice from counsel, Nifong formally recused himself from the lacrosse case—the first step, in all likelihood, toward losing his license to practice law. Cameramen captured a shot of the springtime media darling walking, alone and in the dark, to his car as he drove away from his office. The attorney general’s special prosecutions division took over the case.
I have stopped expecting my kid not to throw a random tantrum in public. We're working on it, but it still happens, and me realizing that it's a possibility at ANY moment and for ANY reason helps me to be a lot more patient with him as I deal with it.
There are more than 200 wolves in Sweden, in the autumn 2012 it maybe 240 more than one year old and 100 pups (violating limits set by parliament). The stem is rather seriously inbred (F=0.3) because the stem has few founders. Most experts and me believe that actions to reduce inbreeding should be the first priority over raise in number. Immigration from the eastern neighbour Finland is low, but two immigrants got their first pups 2008 and their progeny has formed a number of family groups, and therefore the inbreeding has decreased somewhat. Preparations are made for translocating pups from zoos to wild dens, but will not be executed before 2013. The increase in wolf number was reduced by hunting 2010 and 2011. But the EU commission did not like that and indicated it may violate EU-law, as the wolf was hunted without being declared FCS (”favorable conservation status”). Now growth is uncontrolled and no evident long-term policy is enforced. Three documents (investigations on behalf of the government) exist to form a basis for a long-term policy (Liljelund Apr 11, Liljelund Apr 12 and NVV June 12 available as draft). No-one knows what the Swedish government dares to do without risking complaints from EU or if the growth will stop before the biological limit is reached. The groups who oppose more wolves get better organised and more active. The last months even rather large organisations opposed any wild wolves (a new situation, earlier only unorganized individuals existed). Those who want more wolves remain active.
2½ quarts peeled, cubed potatoes
Robert Downey, Jr., got support from 42% of the voters in a race to play Lew Archer. The remaining votes were split fairly evenly between Edward James Olmos, Javier Bardem, Heath Ledger, and Will Smith. And ditto for Denzel Washington; he took 42% on the quest to cast Spenser, with Jamie Bamber, George Clooney, and Giancarlo Esposito getting the remaining 58%. And note please that Brad Pitt got zero, that's ZERO votes.
It seems that Mr. Dusty Gold Bars, Bubba's Quarter Horse gelding, was a bit busy last year before he got "fixed" (we did have him in a separate pasture, really...so it was through the fence, we guess...ugh).
CASF Human Rights Team has previously asked the NZ Ministry of Justice and several other ministries for a list of foreigners who have been murdered or ‘accidentally’ killed in New Zealand in the past few years. Unfortunately, the New Zealand authorities declined to provide any information.
Additionally, we found that detection of XMRV from patient specimens, but not
5) The key rule of marketing is to segment your audience and focus on a niche group.
It sounds great in theory, but in reality, it doesn’t work all that smoothly or neatly. Instead, I tend to stay on a task until I reach some significant milestone, and hop on another task and ride it all the way to its final destination. If I start folding clothes, the next thing I know I’ve got the washer and dryer going full-tilt. (I can make cookies and do laundry simultaneously, but I’m not sure that counts since the washer and dryer are doing all the real work.)
Question 1: How many break-dance competitions have you entered, and as a consequence, DESTROYED the other contestants?
What do they got? A lot of sand
5.My "Amy Butler Purses" did not take off as well as I had expected them to which was surprising & disappointing considering the amount of $$ I spent on buying them & getting them shipped to India.I am sticking to Indian fabrics now!
I don’t know if you are just as surprised as I am.
So what is the poor to do to get out of the rut that is called living ? They are left with very little choice except to steal, to pull down the next person and to scheme and manipulate their way out of trouble, so they can have a prayer of getting ahead, at least ahead of those in their same situation. This is a big contributing factor to the compounding nature of vices, immorality, duplicity, fraud, murders and other such issues in the society. While some accept their plight and staion in life, some get disillusioned with life and resort to drinking, drud use, violence etc.
Café de Flore is ultimately a jarring melodrama that makes for rather challenging viewing. At times unsettling, it often fails to provide an easy answer to your questions. Instead it is a mystical take on the power of love where the viewer has to fill in the majority of the gaps. In short, it’s an emotional tale and curious mystery, where complex human emotions collide, in much the same way as love.
Lying = 25 bucks
Here are a few of the pictures from our day:
CARLAB WF, Effects of influenza vaccination of health-care workers on mortality of elderly people in long-term care: a randomised controlled trial. Lancet 2000; 355: 93-97.
We were that family that planned everything we wanted to do at each park the night before and my dad wrote it down and allotted the correct amount of time for each ride, each show, each parade, or whatever.
I am grateful that, when I put on an old Veggie Tales video recently, both boys eventually came out to watch - and even asked me to rewind a part or two.
It's been such a weird week!
My visit is brief, early tomorrow I leave for the Duffailly orphanage with my good friends Jim and Gina Hudson. Many thanks to the Destiny Village family – I hope to see you again sometime soon!
dash of lucuma powder
You see, the thing I want to write about is not the fact that what he did was wrong, but I really want to address the response I have seen online about this.
Joey Fatone, Jack Scalia, Paul Sorvino, Tony Sirico, and hold up a second...WILLIAM F*CKING ATHERTON!?!?! NOW I'M IN. I'M SO F'N IN. I'm front and center for what just turned into a magnificent piece of entertainment. Sold. *SPOILERS* Vinny from Jersey Shore plays a news reporter who spills the beans that Joey Fatone's character GETS EATEN BY A SHARK! I bet the shark is TEARIN' UP HIS HEART as we speak. No release date has been announced yet, so until then "Bye, Bye, Bye!"
Who attacked in his bloodthirsty way.
It’s easy for the theist, he says, in that correct functioning means functioning as God intended, and God wants us to believe in him, so believing in him is correct functioning. (Which makes alot of unwarranted assumptions about God and belief, but we’ll let that pass for now.) What, he asks, can the atheist offer instead?
Ghana’s professor George Ayittey, interviewed this week on TV3, warned that:
currently Moraccan Mint Green Tea
I really want to unload on this chick for her attitude, but I realize there is obviously something deeper going on here, so I turn on the light and wash my hands.
Mr B: Hmmm... Tomorrow is W. What starts with W... ?
CLICK the button (below) to RSVP for the party - then join us on February 16th for a book chat, story sharing and prizes! Hope to see you there!
from the downy black of night
This is his first post, he hasn’t given any advice, or as he put it, “advices”, so I’ll just nip this in the bud. He clearly needs to work on his writing, even I can see that, maybe I can help him out a little.
3) Combine your career with your passions.
My weekend was a write-off, chores-wise, although a big success in other ways. I did my belt grading at Karate on Saturday morning, and now have a shiny new Blue Belt. Woohoo! But a grading is a pretty gruelling process, what with it being a solid 3 hours of fairly full-on sweat-fest. Saturday afternoon was spent celebrating, and by Saturday evening I was only good for lying down and moving as little as possible. On Sunday I felt like I had been hit by a truck, so housework really didn’t figure on the radar.
I’m on the train to Killarney right now as I am writing this.
I will continue to do my best of delivering the content my readers enjoy. I have made a point to include audio interviews and colorful pictures in each story to not only make it pleasing to the eye, but because more points of view is always better for the reader to grasp what kind of coach each man is like.
The book of Jonah in the Old Testament is quite short but Jonah's story is similar to an allegory (not to be mistaken as a parable as told by Jesus) in that we can draw from his actual experiences. The story goes like this (from chapter briefs): Jonah is sent to call Nineveh to repentance. He flees on a ship, is cast into the sea, and is swallowed by a great fish. Jonah prays to the Lord, and the fish vomits him out on dry ground. Jonah prophesies the downfall of Nineveh. The people repent and the city is saved. Jonah is displeased with the Lord for his mercy upon the people. The Lord rebukes him.
We drove in silence to the address she had given me. It was a low building, like a small convalescent home, with a driveway that passed under a portico. Two orderlies came out to the cab as soon as we pulled up. They were solicitous and intent, watching her every move. They must have been expecting her. I opened the trunk and took the small suitcase to the door. The woman was already seated in a wheelchair.
Mrs October, Principal at Garden Village Primary School said “Lot of things in the community revolve around the school and there is no recreation and development. Therefore, the school has all the facilities the community needs”.
Bring on the Oscars. So on paper, The Scarlet Empress seems familiar. Against that familiarity, you begin to get a sense of how strange and perverse von Sternberg's film really is. Consider the opening sequence, in which we meet Princess Sophia Augusta Frederica, long before becoming (as von Sternberg puts it in an intertitle) "the ill-famed Messalina of the North." Young Sophia is played by Maria Riva, Dietrich's daughter, and looks every inch a princess.
In my book on economic voting in post-communist countries in the 1990s, I took a slightly different tack. Rather than try to parse out the effect of different economic variables on election results, I used the best data I had available to try to get a general estimate of how parties would perform when the economic environment was “good” as opposed to “bad”. Now I was doing something quite different – trying to use regional variation in economic conditions to predict regional variation in election results one election at a time – but at the end of the day I wonder how much more we can really claim with 16 elections to draw on in the US beyond the (very valuable) observation that better economic conditions help the incumbent, while worse economic conditions hurt the incumbent.
So, Singer has highlighted the ethical dilemma involved in how we deal with our finances in light of inequality in the world. However, there are some problems with Singer’s analogy. The limit of what Singer can imagine people doing is giving lots of money to charity. Charity is the ultimate act of an utilitarian ethic. So, within the confines of an unjust social structure the best we can do is charity. Justice requires something more radical. The guest, Ben Burgis, argues that Singer’s own analogy undermines his ethic of charity,
Some of their goals are very specific such as I want to qualify of boston. To which I may incorporate getting faster at a half-marathon. Or the goal may be to break 16:00 for a 5k and I may need them to get faster in general and incorporate getting fast at the mile.
Directly below this rod and gem, sitting in the middle of the room, was a stand of carved stone topped by a stone plate with scrolled ends. On the plate there was a pair of carved metal bronze-colored hands, life-sized, which appeared blackened and burnt, as if having been subjected to tremendous heat.
4 late
It’s been put to me that the Sanballat story and the way Nehemiah prayed about Sanballat is “just a story from the Old Testament” and therefore cannot and should not be applied to cases of domestic abuse today.
But he’s caught up – if the priestly ethos he despises is so necessary, how can it be gotten rid of? Won’t ‘the sick’, ‘the masses’, ‘the herd’, then break free and destroy everything? The only apparent solution would be simply to annihilate them – but then who will the new ubermenchen rule over?
Well, at least it looked like the Games would be welcomed. But then the mood changed, and I don't think it has anything to do with the bombings the next day, or the recession, or anything much then the general negativity about lots of things that one notices about Britain and the Brits from abroad.
The Galleria degli Uffizzi was built for Cosimo I by his preferred architect, Vasari, and originally served as the uffici (offices) of the Grand Duchy. Later, Cosimo’s son Francesco transformed the top floor into a gallery for some of his own art collection, giving birth to the first museum in the world! Today, the Uffizzi houses one of the most beautiful art collections in the world. I will not attempt to walk you through the museum’s halls. Walk at your own pace, pause before the Madonnas by Botticelli and Lippi, or the Birth of Venus and the Primavera (Botticelli), but don’t dismiss works like the Annunciation by Simone Martini, which is not less fascinating. The Uffizzi also houses the only known painting on canvas by Michelangelo: The Holy Family, also known as Tondo Doni, named for its round shape and the Doni family that commissioned it.
Mike Toon (Con) 168
There was a lot to point fingers at. In fairness, we know the feeling at USC. After all, one of our players took money from an would-be agent in San Diego, so naturally we’re the devil. We took our lumps (and dished a few out) and are sitting pretty as Bovada’s favorite to win the National Championship next season with ten less players than any other team. Arrogant. UCLA was listed as 400:1 to win the title, so in two weeks when I am at the Cosmopolitan in Vegas I am placing a bet on them. I figure if they win, it’s a sign of the apocalypse and I’ll need the cash to buy weapons and foods with long shelf lives.
It opens well with ‘Can’t Hide A Heartache’, an excellent song offering sympathy and hope for the future to a heartbroken woman. The advice is backed up by the personal experience given in the ensuing song, the mellow ‘Life Goes On’, about getting over someone, with time having done its healing job and the worst now well in the past.
Elizabeth Horsley
Below is a selection of some of the strongest artists putting music out at the moment and those you’d expect to become household names sooner rather than later….
So snappy that an explanation was required – Ping, apparently, is a term used by computer geeks when they connect, one computer with another. How splendid… yet how equally unforgettable. Ping simply reminds me of Pingu, a cartoon television character my youngest daughter was enthralled with in her earliest years – and equally now, long forgotten.
“I talked to Sue today. It was awful! Someone did say something! I don’t know who it was, but the message she left said, ‘I heard you already have a dog.’ And her tone was not nice. I felt like throwing up. I called her back and said to her, ‘I’m really really sorry, but I had the opportunity to bring the dog home on Sunday, and in view of my condition, my therapist thought it would be a good idea to get the dog as soon as possible. I thought that since I had already spoken to you about getting the paperwork going, that it would be OK. I’m very sorry. I will have all the paperwork together by tomorrow and I can fax it to you right away.’ She told me to just mail it all so I told her she’d receive it by the end of the week. It was so nerve wracking! I knew someone would tell! They’d better not give me a hard time after they get the paperwork! I’m not giving her up, she’s such a good dog!”
A just turned 2 couple of weeks back and is ‘Officially’ now into the terrible two’s though unofficially he has been there for a few months now.. We had a Disney Cars themed party and he loved the decorations and the cake… Of course as he hates to get messy at anytime, the moment the icing got stuck in his finger, he froze during cake cutting till his finger was cleaned with a tissue. He sure is one funny boy!! It is also extremely funny how he lines up all his cars/trucks anything with wheels as in a garage and uses the toy car remote key on them and pretends the work.
The bartender gave me a half litre of Tuborg Classic in a Carlsberg glass. The colour is golden, and the beer was fizzier and had a larger head than Grøn Tuborg. The nose was dominated by malts. In the mouth the malts took the lead with a bready feeling and some hoppy bitterness. The beer was also more fullbodied than Grøn Tuborg.
YOUNG ADULT FICTION: I also want YA writers to ask “what if,” though not necessarily in a fantasy or dystopian setting; for example, Libba Bray’s GOING BOVINE blew me away with its inventive riff on DON QUIXOTE. I want something as funny as GOING BOVINE, too—so much of what I see is soooo dark. Lighten up, folks! That said, I want to see clever concepts like THIRTEEN REASONS WHY, even if they do tread serious ground. And finally, Santa, I want to see something genuinely new, and not just another mash-up of established genres.
I’ve been dreaming of having a farm and growing my own food for as long as I can remember. Somehow I’ve ended up living and working in downtown Toronto, but the dream is alive and kicking. It’s not so much that I’m ignoring it, as nursing it quietly, until its time comes. Part of keeping the dream alive was taking a week off work back in May to volunteer at Everdale Farm and learn a few things from the fine and knowledgeable folks there. Everdale is a non-profit teaching farm that has trained many new farmers. It’s certified organic and a tremendously inspiring place to be. Despite a rainy week, I got my hands in the dirt, did a lot of mulching and weeding, cooked some lunches for the staff and interns, and got to take a permaculture workshop. The instructor, Jessica Roder of Wild Craft Permaculture started off the course with this video which is an awe-inspiring example of sustainable living architecture.
Comedian Bill Maher made a comment, as the California recall race was getting underway, in which he said that, between Bill Clinton’s impeachment, Florida in the year 2000, and the California recall, that it seems like the Republican Party is willing to do anything to win an election except get a majority of the votes.
The Kool-Aid ones are non-toxic, edible, and smell great. They last in an airtight container up to 3 months, and you have all kinds of color options!
Next, transfer this mixture to another bowl, clean it, swap out for the whisk attachment and get those egg whites all foamy and gorgeous. Add the egg whites into the orange mixture a bit at a time and fold, fold, fold!
nor yesterday, but are waiting to be pieced, to be lifted
Visa’s V is vandalized by a viscid fluid with the entrance of the yod; a virile votive vouchsafing the virgin’s violation.
This is what you got in the now oop starter boxes for Warmaster. All the figures are 10mm in size.
It's a Christmas challenge at Card Makin' Mamas! And we have a very special prize for you! Our random winner will receive 3 VERY exclusive images from our very own Lizzie! These 3 images - Giftful Lily, Snowanne and Where's the Tree Kris - are ONLY available for this challenge to our winner! How cool is that?? These are super cute images and you could be one of the very very few to own them! All you have to do is play along! Create a Christmas CARD, that's it!
It is not just in some of us; it is in everyone.
In a bowl blend the panko breadcrumbs, smoked paprika and season with salt. Coat gently each croquette with the seasoned panko breadcrumbs and transfer to a baking tray which has been lined with a lightly oiled sheet of parchment paper:
Yes, that is me sewing. If you know me, you know I DON'T sew. Sewing intimidates me and truthfully makes me a little nauseous! My daughter Taylor gave me the courage, instruction, and yes, supervision to sew a new pillow for my bed. Thank, you Taylor!
Oh well what do you know? Rihanna can look sweet after all. It is refreshing to she the red-haired beauty photographed looking anything else but a cold-hearted bitch she usually comes across as in most of her pictures.
And so, the calibrations continue as I heal. I’m seeing Dr. Paniset at Hopital Notre-Dame for future calibrations. I’ll be sure to follow up with everyone in a few weeks’ time.
So Monday was the big appointment! This is what we had been waiting for the past 3 weeks to make a decision. Last week after talking to Dr. Warf in Boston, I called Dr. Tulipan's nurse, Melissa, and she advised me to keep this appointment with Dr. T to keep him in the loop and ask for his advice about how to proceed. I took a day off work, filled the van up with gas, and figured out how to transport Nate--this time with towels rolled up around his back so Clive doesn't press against his car seat. It's an almost 3 hour drive, and when we got there we got Nate a wheelchair and looked at the trains and got some lunch before heading up to clinic.
The whole deal aims to create and protect a total of over 6,000 jobs, with other provisions – including devolution of the Northern Rail franchise, 6,000 more apprenticeships, a low carbon hub, and up to 7,000 new homes through a Housing Investment Board – detailed on the DCLG website.
If you ever catch Victorious, you'll see that Gillies is cast perfectly in her role and it's obvious she's going to become a big star. Gillies also appeared in the 2008 film Harold and some of her other TV credits include The Black Donnellys and White Collar. She grew up in Haworth, NJ and attended Northern Valley Regional High School in Demarest, NJ.
Well a few weeks later here is my gorgeous grandparents with their done up bike! My Grandad was particularly chuffed, he was like a kid at Christmas, his face just lite up and he couldn't stop looking at it. I was a bit worried that they may be upset that I took it to do it up as it has been used a lot by them and all of us in the past so they have many happy memories of it. As I walking them over to see it I found out that they didn't have it from new but had swapped it many years ago for a record player :-) They then used it to cycle to France with all their camping gear on the back and all our Aunties and cousins also remember the bike very fondly.
the blank spots of me not being there…
He wouldn't take my money. He told me my brother was an idiot to hit a girl with such nice legs. A hero and a creep. He took me downtown, and I walked a few blocks to my boyfriend's house. I walked up the steps, bawling again, and my boyfriend's mom gave me a big hug and made me a cup of tea.
What I didn’t know was that the end of this river was about to be a huge waterfall and I was headed straight for it. My best friend in the world scheduled a gyno appointment because she has had a few minute issues. We went and I sat in the waiting room cramming homework in (as I do with most of my “free” time.) What I didn’t realize or expect was Tiff, typically stronger than stone, to come out fighting tears saying “We have to get out of here”. We stepped outside the office and she explained that they found a 10cm tumor in her ovary.
I woke up early this morning (5:20ish) to leisurely have my quiet time with my coffee, do my laundry and get my workout in before my dad woke up, because I didn’t want to selfishly be working out later in the morning and leaving him hanging out by himself.
Without even thinking at all, they ran to help.
Whilst trying to remember the rhyme that I'd sang in school many moons ago, I asked my twitter buds how it went. There were a couple of variations, One was to catch a tiger and the other an Indian. I remember the rhyme below as the one I sang in school.
Neil Young and Bruce Springsteen write anthems about the travails of the working man; we line up for the revival of “Death of a Salesman.” John Mellencamp and Willie Nelson hold festivals and fundraisers when farmers suffer. Taxpayers bail out the auto industry and Wall Street and the banks. There’s a sense that manufacturing, or the agrarian economy, is what this country is really about. But culture was, for a while, what America did best: We produce and export creativity around the world. So why aren’t we lamenting the plight of its practitioners? Bureau of Labor Statistics confirm that creative industries have been some of the hardest hit during the Bush years and the Great Recession. But when someone employed in the world of culture loses a job, he or she feels easier to sneer at than a steel worker or auto worker.
So...for under $30!!...here is my outdoor chalk/white board.
After I told her that her father had been killed, Leah went into a bit of a catatonic state. I knew the feeling, my own father had been murdered, but fortunately she was spared the sight of it unlike myself. We left Freeport and traveled north a ways before turning west towards Lourghn. I made sure our tracks were covered, but if the assassins had magic at their hands they might be able to find us anyways. If they have magic they’d have hunted us down already and you’d be fighting them every night all night. True.
Receiving fresh picked cherries from a neighbor.
Sometimes we use them full strength, other times diluted. Either way, you don’t need a lot so it lasts a long time.
What country would you want to be exiled in?
Outline of the guitar.
The tide quickly changes for Valentin when, in 1929, he is informed by a studio executive, played by John Goodman, that the studio will be focusing exclusively on talking pictures. Indignant and in denial, Valentin sets out to produce his own silent film, convinced the public will love it. At the same time, Peppy gains popularity as one of the studio’s new stars of Talkies. Their new pictures debut on the same day, with unsurprising results, which, coupled with the stock market crash, leaves Valentin on a downward spiral of alcoholism and depression.
Beneath the music from a farther room.
I stumbled on this tonight.
But then came the parenting manuals,
Alina Cojocaru was born May 27 1981 in Bucharest, Romania. She trained in Kiev for seven years before joining the Royal Ballet School in 1998 on a Prix de Lausanne scholarship. Upon completion of her training, six months later, she returned to Kiev to dance with Kiev Ballet for a year. Her repertoire with the Kiev Ballet included Kitri (Don Quixote), Aurora, Princess Florine (Sleeping Beauty), Cinderella, Clara (Nutcracker), Coppélia, Peasant Pas de deux (Giselle) and Pas de trois, Hungarian Dance (Swan Lake).
Ask yourself this.
Of all the novels by VW, Orlando is her most singular. A unique and fantastic creation which is both very funny and intensely exuberant. She dedicated the book to Vita Sackville West with whom she shared a strong affection. When the book was completed in March 1928 she referred to it as her 'love letter to Vita' and indeed Vita herself was the inspiration behind Orlando. Vita was a poet and so she made Orlando a poet too. Virginia Woolf had composed an imaginary biography out of her idea of Vita's life at Knole in Kent, the ancestral home of the Sackville's.
9 question
I imagine writers wonder if agents have a drop-dead date for submissions around the holiday season—as in we won’t submit after a certain day in December.
Started at Pedro's - nothing special coffee wise, but handy to Granville Island and you can watch the ducks and geese (and turtles when it gets warmer).
7. We need a tax attorney.
We could say that Sidney became a good friend…
I still feed him baby foods (out of convenience) but he would rather pick up his food and feed himself. So at home I steam him veggies and let him make a mess!
I call it awesome.
How to Apply?
Carly's parents, Amy and Joe, sang this song as a duet in church one Sunday. I loved it when they sang it way more than the actual song. Lol. It was so powerful to hear a husband and wife singing this song together so beautifully.
“My bow!” She cried.
This Hello Kitty cake was made for a coworker I had at the time, and I am pretty sure he just wanted me to make it so that he could give it to the girl he liked. I don't remember what the outcome was, but I know that if a boy I liked brought me a Hello Kitty cake, I'd be pretty pleased. This is classified as a 2D cake, and it was carved from a sheet cake that was originally 9x12 inches. It was a red velvet cake, with a raspberry cream cheese icing. As I type the words raspberry cream cheese icing, I drool a little. Anyone else?
Orchestra Manager Tanya Phillips, who has been involved with the project since its 1986 inception, said some of the 300-plus players to have been through the orchestra over quarter of a century will attend - or indeed send their parents!
1.Badam : 1 cup
Back at it tonight.
Ok, we have been playing games now for the past week or longer. Just a few words throughout the day, with coffee in the morning, before we go to sleep etc. But it’s getting annoying….he keeps winning!
Here is an edited version of some age-driven comments about the work environment found on a recent blog discussion:
We’ll halve them./
allure?
Thursday August 14, 2008 - 11:05am (EDT)
I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess we all have friends who are like that. I know I do. They know what they know, even if what they know isn't right. Their patience for giving someone a second chance or admitting they might have been wro...wro....wrong about something is non-existent.
Deploying a “floating base” in the Persian Gulf – a converted transport ship that would serve as a semi-stationary base of operations for the US military – is also on the table. USS Ponce is expected to host mine-sweeping helicopters, speed boats and probably commando teams.
The minister, who fielded questions from journalists after a visit to the scene of the blast, as well as the Mogadishu Reference Hospital and the Asokoro General Hospital where the victims were taken to for treatment, stressed that the perpetrators of the dastardly act were bent on creating the impression that there is no security in the country.
As President Eisenhower warned in his last address to the American people, conflict brings power and profit to interest groups that benefit from conflict. Nixon, like Kennedy before him, was perceived as a threat by these powerful interests, because he was working to reduce conflict.
There are many things I would like to do or achieve at some point in my life. I know I’m not getting any younger, but most of my interests involve physical achievements. My mind is there, but I need to be motivated more to get my body on board.
But just in case, I'll throw in one little resolution: to have a spectacular year. Because that's sexy.
Are you sitting in a chair all by yourself while reading this?
our handš are tied here if we stay
A player that has lost the game is assumed to have lost all 24AP, regardless of actual casualties. If the scores are calculated correctly then they should add up to 48.
I really liked the way this project turned out last time and would love it if you all signed up again :) If you want to spread the word and make it so you're paired up twice, it'd be great if you put one of these buttons on your blog!
Next was Consecration a beer I've talked about a few times already. (Here and here.) I like this one quite a bit and it's by far the most sour and pungent. Sour and mild apple juice notes with vanilla and some slight caramel. I get a lot more sour with the currants it is aged with boosting those flavors rather than giving off their own.
The calm before the impending storm
As you know I started my new job on Monday, it was working a week in hand and it’s a temporary contract until, well, when the work runs out really (they know we are away in December for a week).
Stiff consistency is used for things like flowers with upright petals, like the Wilton rose or sweet peas.
Also known as the erect pricklypear, the shell mound pricklypear is a cactus that grows on shell mounds, coastal hammocks, and dunes. The erect pricklypear is found in the southeast and coastal states of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Texas, and South Carolina. It prefers sandy, well-drained soil. A long-lived plant, the shell mound pricklypear’s first flowers appear when the plant is three years old.
Memories are meant to say hello
And a big bear too,
We’re having meetings here in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. We’ve attracted people who are sincerely interested in nonduality and they come again and again to our meetings.
How Good Are the Top of the Range TVs?
As we entered the dressing room the first thing that caught my eye was a silver tin foil-like dress Lady Gaga would struggle to pull off. I was afraid.
It only took me about 10 minutes to pull it together. Cut your felt, pin it and sew it. Easy Peasy! The bow is not actually sewed onto the shirt. It is attached with a safety pin. That way I can take it off after Halloween and use the shirt as a layering shirt.
But another fear has gripped South African football fans: what if the country is ready, but the team is not? On the brink of the biggest moment in South Africa's sporting history, the woeful performance of the national football team threatens to spoil the party.
These pegs were static of nature. Each number was given an image. They are as follows
And I love that Mr. CFP received a meaningful quilt wall hanging, made by his mom.
It's 10:30pm, and it has been one heck of a day. You did not get nearly enough sleep last night, and work was just draining. The entire day was taken up with helping other people fulfill their needs -a customer who needed a gentle hand, an employee who needed help with a problem, a boss who needed his ego massaged, and so on. But after that is done, you get to come home to your refuge, a place where you can escape the alternating stress and drudgery of the working world and sit back for a while and have your own needs met. And what do you come home to? A spouse who needs a break, a house that needs to be cleaned, meals that need to be prepared, and kids who either need you to engage 100% from the second you walk in the door or want nothing at all to do with you until you've made them some food. So you grumble . . . and you get the things done that need to get done. But there is no sense of gratitude, no evidence of any appreciation for the day you had or the sacrifices you made, no "please" or "thank you" - just a sense that your family feels that they are entitled to sit back and let you serve them with no thought for you or your needs.
I've been struggling. My journey with my trainer and my fitness has been stalled. Well, that's partially untrue. I visit my trainer faithfully, now to be known as The Sadist. And before anyone gets upset about my nickname for her, I call her this to her face, so it's nothing truly nasty. And before you decide to object still, consider this:
Am i close to the end
Fiskars Border punch used on second card, really old one sorry do not no the name
I had a lovely walk out last night with Lucy, the weather was ok when we left. So we just took the cameras and a couple of plastic bags… just in case…
and separate it from its near neighbor,
They could not be added to the church until they were saved and they could not be saved until they were baptised.
The space before we got it in our hot little hands.
band like Suede (current ringleaders of a 'Yanks go Home'
Dana Loesch at Breitbart has struck another blow at the accomplices to the White House as she calls out The Washington Post for their hit piece on Romney. John Nolte at Breitbart reports:
8 cups water, plus more as needed
Millions of professionals are following more than two million companies on Linkedin. Why do professionals follow companies? They can be current clients, potential clients, and professionals in the media, job seekers, and other stakeholders that may provide or looking to gain insights. Having a company listing in Linkedin provides these followers with the latest news; understand your companies’ services.
“If we take them some place else, they just call off the war,” Smelly said. “They’ll attack some place else like Hawg Creek Springs.”
The downside of this is that most of the Irish family, particularly Irish Americans, cannot qualify, since their Irish roots go back too far. There’s no half-way house here also; there’s nothing if you don’t satisfy the rules, and Ireland has no system of official recognition for services rendered. This is fine and egalitarian as befits a republic, but for many this is unsatisfactory ( for example, we cannot honour Ted Kennedy or others of his generation). Much service has been done Ireland and the Irish by her extended family – and they know it. While there is talk of introducing an honours system within a few years the first beneficiaries if and when it happens are likely to be citizens. So don’t hold your breath.
it's work
There is no shortage of hipsters in Buenos Aires, kids in high tops with surprisingly good-looking mullets. But there is also no shortage of restaurants like El Desnivel, or Manolo, or my favorite, Nuevo Hermann, restaurants that don’t seem to have changed in 50 years. It’s what makes Buenos Aires feel like a rich city, rich in a diversity of lives and memories.
The PTO never got off the ground with its Section 2(e)(4) refusal to register the mark SIKORSKY for sports knives, videogames, jewelry, umbrellas, and other ancillary goods. The Board reversed the refusal, ruling that the PTO failed to establish a prima facie case. In re Sikorsky Aircraft Corp., Serial No. 78221800 (August 25, 2006)[not citable].
My new buddy then started talking (in Dutch) to his other friends, pointing at me and yelling from time to time, presumably indicating his surprise; he also promised to come back before the 5k began to help us push our way down to the front, so we could actually see the race and cheer for Jonathan. I was extremely grateful for his offer, because the wall of humans seemed impenetrable – we agreed to meet at that point during the re-ice break preceding the 5000s.
Spending all that time with you
Hal Higdon suggests incorporating 800 m repeats into marathon training. The 800s should be run faster than marathon goal pace but not an all-out sprint. Each hard 800 should be followed by walking or jogging an easy 800.
You might have remembered last week, when I said I was meeting up with a few other Kentucky Food Bloggers. I had such an amazing time, and thanks to Adam from the Danville Boyle Co Convention & Visitors Bureau, we were set up with a culinary tour of Danville, KY.
I have been wearing Zoya's Kelly, from the new 'Wonderful' collection on my toes. I expected Kelly to be a little lighter, and a little less blue (kind of like the true gray in the splatter up top). I think it's too dark to wear on my finger nails in the summer. But it'll be a great color for fall and winter, and is great for toes. Although I was hoping for concrete, I'm kind of digging the blue'ish hint to this one. It looks almost navy in low lighting. I feel like I'm too old to be sporting an in-your-face blue or turquoise. So I'm thankful for Kelly, because the blue-gray color satisfies my blue needs in a sophisticated way.
God give you honor, you faithless heads of your poor people! What devil bids you occupy yourselves so violently with spiritual things, which are not committed to you, and be so lax and slothful in dealing with things that God has committed to you and that concern you and your poor people, now in the greatest and most pressing need, and thus be only hindering all those whose intentions are good and who would gladly do their part? Yes, go on singing and hearing the Mass of the Holy Spirit! He has great pleasure in it and will be very gracious to you disobedient, refractory fellows, because you let those things alone that he has committed to you, and work at what he has forbidden you! Yes, the Evil Spirit may hear you!
My mum is down south at the moment, but will be back tomorrow to spend some more quality time with her Henry.
*** I didn’t want to publish this yet, but since I accidentally pressed PUBLISH instead of save draft and SOMEONEAIL already read it, I’m just going to publish it now! ***
I've had a bit going on.
I know what you’re thinking. Why does the original Volkswagen logo slightly resemble the Nazi symbol? Well, that’s because Hitler had a hand in founding the company. Naturally, Volkswagen phased out that part of the logo and stuck with the center.
~ Sylvia Plath
So we checked in and sat down to wait our turn. Brooklyn saw a container of suckers on the counter and made a bee line for them.
The same needs to be true for you and me as business owners and leaders in our companies. We must have a vision of what the organization will be like, look like and feel like. What will it accomplish? What is its purpose for existence? Why will our community and world be better off as a result of this organization?
embracing life’s gifts
John 21.10
If you haven’t done so yet, please forgive me for asking that you do so sometime soon as you will then have a chance to see the ‘Eden Declaration’ , and to sign it too, if you personally agree with its content. I have signed it, as I think it encapsulates some very important messages.
Tomorrow I have a job interview. Looking forward to bringing in a bit more money to cushion our budget. We are actually doing OK, but have such little wiggle room in our finances that it's difficult to maintain things as they are. I really hope this works out and turns into a good position for me. It is just part-time care-giving, a man who has early-stage Alzheimer's.
bracelets of beads, leather and bone
While this was transpiring, the police, having been alerted by the assistant manager, arrived at the restaurant. Staley, believing that Read had activated a silent alarm, threatened to kill Read if he discovered that the police were outside. Read responded by assuring Staley that the restaurant had no such alarms. He volunteered to serve as a hostage if Staley promised not to hurt the other employees. Staley agreed to Read’s proposal and left the restaurant with Read, Duke and Rayburn, using Read as a human shield. They then hijacked a car and Staley pushed Read into the back seat with him. Police officers subsequently reported hearing several gunshots before the car pulled off and while the car was accelerating away. A high-speed chase ensued, ultimately ending when the stolen car broke down. Staley, Duke and Rayburn then attempted to flee the scene but were apprehended by the police. The police found Read dead in the back of the car. According to the medical examiner, Read had been shot in the head at point blank range. The evidence indicated that both Staley and Duke had shot Read.
A friend of Leon's.
Trigger: I decide I am going to have a McFlurry for snack.
Gated communities, gun-toting guards, concertina wire, bars on the windows … uncommon for the average US neighborhood, yet very normal for Costa Rica, from the most upscale, exclusive community to humble homes surrounded by chain-link fences.
The two main time-frames in the video are: the progress of the bubble to the little girl (which takes the almost the length of the video), and the duration of the camera’s flash, which corresponds to the duration of the song’s climax. These two durations come to an end at the same moment, with the bursting of the bubble, the extinguishing of the camera’s flash, marking the beginning of the outtro in which the child’s disappointment is turned to curiosity again with the birth of a new bubble and the loving smile of the mother.
One minutes he is concentrating all his energy on buckling his high chair and the next he is in another room with makeup all over his body. I don't know how he gets to the things he gets to. Oh wait, I do. That, my friends, is how the speaker on the TV got torn from its place. Which also led to him hiding in the window behind the couch.
(Photo courtesy of John Russell/NHLI via Getty Images)
Everyone is covering this big local story: Village Voice, HuffPo, The Root, Baltimore Sun, NYTimes, from many angles, including the question of why does the 68 year old Chuck Scarborough get to stay but the 68 year old Simmons is let go.
40g dessicated coconut
These 2 post-its were on our bedroom door when we woke up. This cracks me up! Allow me to interpret--
Yeah dude…..new beach towels, blender, and huge tub of boat goodies are headin to the lake. The pools gonna be open and some offers in life are only made once. ….small smile…. Family, friends, late nights and late mornings on the water come highly recommended. Being the kingpin of downtime…….is tough. I suppose Pink Floyds wish you were here would be appropriate. But I have other things on my mind.
Your memory is etched in ink
Shadowing the authors in Auckland is going to be a wonderful experience. I’ll be writing up my experiences several times a day so keep watching the blog. It will be the closest thing to being there.
I'm much too tired to try to think
“I should like to see it,” he said.
My sweet baby,
The combination of these boots and this skirt almost killed me a few times today. The heel of the boot kept getting caught in the skirt so I almost tripped getting of the bus, going up stairs and getting out of a car. I foiled death all day though. HA!
I think I’ve spent more time praying these past two years than I did in the 25 before that.
My Experiences of Crafting Tales (guest post) -
When my advanced pdf of Goodman Games DCC RPG arrives in my email, I'll be happy to set up another Barrowmaze group under that ruleset.
Orcs have two raid bosses, though one of them fooled me and looked like a Worgen. Hagara the Stormbinder and, technically, High Overlord Saurfang.
Join former Emily Carr University of Art + Design instructors Gordon Smith and Ian Wallace, alumni Douglas Coupland (84), and other friends in sharing stories of friendship and to celebrate excellence in the visual arts at the Artist’s Circle Exhibition and Celebration. The special evening celebration will take place on Wednesday, August 3, 2011 from 7-10pm, and is hosted by the West Vancouver Museum as a part of the Harmony Arts Festival. Visit the Harmony Arts Festival website for ticket information.
This wasn’t, in my eyes, Lost Persona’s best effort but it is packed with songs that I’d much rather see live. It is an E.P that expresses their courage to delve into new sounds, their intelligence and their exceptional musicianship. Lost Persona are really a diamond in the rough and if you haven’t seen them live yet, I strongly suggest you do so.
At the end of the video, he puts the icing on the (sick, twisted) cake when he shoots nine bullets into what he has referred to several times as "her" laptop. This punishment is extreme and rather scary, well outside the bounds of even commonly accepted punitive parenting. I wonder how long ago it was that he gifted her that laptop. Was he excited to give it to her then? Did he take pride in his ability to give her such a gift, and feel satisfied when she expressed gratitude in some way (a thank-you, a smile, a squeal of joy, maybe even a hug...)? Did he let her enjoy her gift for any amount of time, or did he immediately start holding it over her head, demanding appreciation for it? What part of the word "gift" does he not understand? What suddenly made it ok for him to destroy her property in such a violent manner?
The other case study, K-Town Radio, is an FM radio station based in Kinglassie, Fife. It is supported by Digital Fife and staffed by volunteers. The station uses Facebook and Twitter to engage with its listeners, as well as more traditional phone-ins.
When my students practice
Often I struggle to put my finger on what I’m trying to achieve through my ‘working mum’ pieces. It’s not about having a whine. It’s not about looking for special treatment: shorter days, extra holidays. It’s not about that. But when Busy-And-Important-Husband asks me, “What is it you want? What are you trying to change?” I struggle to answer.
Actually, I won't be having a funeral because I don't do church. Rather, Martha wants to hold a tasteful memorial service, so I've scribbled out a tentative plan for her.
Just in time for the Oscars, The Coterie will present the spectacular concert event Red Carpet Memories: A Celebration of Academy Award-Nominated Songs. Featuring an all-star lineup of vocal talent from Broadway, Television and the Los Angeles music scene, this highly-theatrical musical revue will pay homage to some of the most beloved songs in movie history. Relive your favorite movie memories with the songs of Fred & Ginger, Judy Garland, the kids from Fame, Kermit the Frog, and more. The movies have never sounded so good!
“…reducing every political interview to a one-dimensional confrontation suppresses any chance of an honest and balanced discussion of the real dilemma.
Spare me.
I was somewhat surprised to receive a late Friday night call from the local ER to tell me one of my 86 year old cognitively impaired individuals was being evaluated. When I spoke to the charge nurse I found that the patient was brought by the paramedics for intractable nausea and vomiting. This particularly charming, mild to moderately cognitively impaired, woman had moved with her 90 year old husband from her private residence to a senior facility on my suggestion so that care was available for her as she deteriorated and required more hands-on attention. They were thrilled with the new apartment as well as the care and concern provided by the staff. I had seen the patient six weeks ago and she was doing fine. There was no mention of problems.
My username: MrskittyYi
So let’s try something new to “clear the cache” of beer reviews tapped into my phone. I’ve never written haiku before, I don’t think, but seeing as I just had sushi the last two nights, I’m in a Japanese frame of mind. I really think so. Here are a few beers I’ve tried over the past month that we just haven’t gotten to reviewing here on the HBJ:
If you have a MasterCard I would recommend enrolling it even if you aren't sure you'll spend the $200. If you are like me you might think you won't be buying anything online but then see some great deals on Daily Deal sites etc. and end up buying things after all. And really, you have nothing to lose!
John moved his head slowly, as if underwater, seeing Casey in triplicate, although he could hear her quite clearly.
While trying to keep up with his school studies and ensuring his football team stays top of the league, it's Johnny's job to safeguard planet Earth.
I am eternally Yours
I like it best when a detective is a flawed man, like my poor, alcoholic Semerket, so that in addition to solving the mystery at hand he must also solve part of the mystery within himself. Like the protagonists in Martin Cruz Smith novels, they also become the seat of moral authority. All around them are crimes, official corruption, and indifference, but they remain committed to the truth, regardless of how unpleasant it is. No matter how dark or dismal they are, they become heroic in the process – and your readers root for their success.
I gave them both a quick sand and had to glue and tack a few of the parts to make it sturdy. Then I hit it them with Rustoleum Black Satin spray paint and a spray polyurethane to protect them. I made seats out of plywood (yes, I used a jigsaw and still have my extremities!) and attached foam and batting and covered them with fabric I picked up at Joann's a while back on clearance. Total all in it's under $10.00 for each chair.
If we are so much like the animals around us, then why do we try and raise above our natural responses and impulses in the name of humanity?
Just popping in real quick to say "HELLO"!!
- 888 words -
Sometime in the past three or four years, New Belgium decided it wanted a piece of Oregon's market, and it spent an enormous amount of money trying to get shelf and tap space. It appears the effort has been only partly successful--after displacing regional ambers for a time, New Belgium has given back a lot of shelf space and tap handles to Full Sail and Mactarnahan's. They may do decent business, but I don't think Oregon is the pot of gold NB hoped.
Derrek had to laugh at himself a moment before answering. “I’m honored. I’m sure it’s more than I deserve.”
With our bags overflowing, we made our way to Ruckle Park for a picnic on the beach. While passing through the farm on the first day (the 1000 acres surrounding Ruckle farm became a provincial park in 1974), we noticed that they were busy "making hay while the sun shines".
But Prof Levin said: ‘At the end of the debate, at least two faculty members spoke to make completely clear that they supported the project but voted for the resolution. It would be wrong to interpret this as a vote against the project. It was a vote about certain principles that many of Yale faculty care deeply about.’
I graduated from the school for the blind, where the graduating classes were on average between 12 and 20 people. Most of the class had other disabilities aside from the blindness, which often times included mild mental retardation. Basically, the make-up of a single class didn't have the people in it that could/would actually plan a reunion. And if they did, only half a dozen would show.
Both are cruel. Both are not necessary for survival. Both are done for "fun". The only difference is that eating a good piece of steak is a "fun" that everyone agrees upon... Seeing a kitten get squashed underneath a heel is not a "fun" that most people agree on, but I'm sure the sicko doing it still enjoys himself.
2) Go to the store's website and order the book online. Takes a credit card or gift card, but they'll mail it right to your front door within a couple days.
I did my best as a paparazzi and snapped a shot while they left the door open. Kaya naman pala…
I happen to know that their teacher can be rather lenient with school start times, as long as the students promise to get all their work done before they go to bed. Usually, we follow a pretty strict schedule, but there are times when we deviate from the plan. Reason #137 on the list of why we love homeschooling.
7) Take about 1 cup of marinara sauce, and spread like frosting across the top. Sprinkle mozzarella on top.
Marc Holmes
I get these – its great to see that recovery through Christ is blossoming!!
Comedy
You won't need a passport to do this, but you might need police protection.
Lame entry, I know but an entry none the less.
EDITIONS:The Matrix was originally issued on DVD and Laserdisc in 1999. The DVD was reference quality for quite a while with a 16:9 anamorphic image, Dual-layer transfer and shattering Dolby 5.1 surround mix. The LD was based off the same master but some have said that the LD 5.1 mix was more robust and the DVD mix was a bit toned back. They’re both at the same 384 kbp/s bitrate however.
Driskill hired local architect Jasper N. Preston to design his hotel. Preston sat on the jury that selected Elijah E. Myers as architect of the new Capitol, and later served for a time as supervising architect of that project.
And the redhead wanted . . . no, HAD to see you. To see if you were ok, and to let you know I cared.
Here we are, another Monday on the books ! This week, our fantastic co-leader DONNA selected a Monogram for our challenge over at Bitten By The Bug 2 ! We were able to use ANY cartridge, so I selected one of my favorites - Storybook. Both of my girls just LOVE bright colors - Holley is into the pink, black & zebra print ... and my little Cait is loving lime green & black .... SO I thought I would make them each a fun and BRIGHT card with their initial on it ! I had SO much fun with these bright and bold colors & patterns. I can't wait for them to see their finished cards when they wake up first thing tomorrow. One of my favorite things about crafting is making things for my girls. They both inherited the crafting bug from me and their grandma ... They love to craft ALMOST as much as I do !!! Please take a moment to pop on over to the BBTB2 blog and check out all the SUPER projects this week !
In the same court, Khoo Poh Kim @ Kimmy was charged with abettting Tiah in
– Mari-Beth Slade is a food and wine lover, wayward librarian and would-be philosopher. She works as a marketer for an accounting firm in Halifax, but spends most days doing yoga poses at her desk or brainstorming discussion topics for her book club.
Lousy law enforcement? Yes.
Who have no children at their knees.
- Thinly slice enough cucumber and green onion as garnish
3 cups heavy whipping cream
Drew: *cuddles even cloesr* It's like our own little getaway.
The project of a
Technology: Well I’m personally a big technology geek, I love gadgets and almost everything in my house is very high tech but when I was younger I loved everything I had and I didn’t have a Nintendo DS or a Computer..
I have seen adults bully other adults. Prison was a great place for that. When I saw it happening, even if I shared a dislike for the person being bullied, I always confronted the bully, if it was safe to do, and it usually was. There is no excuse for bullying or cyberbullying. What you have to say about others speaks far more to your own character than to the person that you are insulting, degrading, and trying to tear down.
Please grab a blinkie from the side bar and display it proudly you deserve it.
I am doing a work exchange program with a local Bikram Yoga Studio.
Various health organizations can be linked to the profile created here. These include, hospitals, pharmacies, and medical associations. By linking, medical records can be imported. For example, you can link with your local pharmacy to get all prescription information imported to the Google Health profile.
A shop where you can buy Woods Ware for 10p an item, pretty floral bowls for 10p, sheets for 50p - shall I go on!
In honor of National Tourism Week, Visit Bloomington will be celebrating our local tourism industry with a reception and awards presentation on May 24th. The highlights of the reception are the award winners, tourism professionals in our community that have done an exceptional job. Please nominate someone you know in the tourism industry (and that includes hotels, restaurants, shops, & attractions) that deserves to be recognized. Click here for the nomination form and send to Julie@visitbloomington.com or fax to 334-2344 by May 4th.
On her journey, passing along the other pitiful people struck numb by the cold, she walked past the apartment where the party took place. Where she met Christian. It wasn’t her fault; she forgot that it was on this street.
“Better safe than sorry. Can’t you get me any closer to the Sherim?”
I am nothing but a sinner saved by grace and I cannot and do not look down on any person anywhere, and when I momentarily forget myself, and a bit of “self” begins to creep into my righteousness, the Spirit of God is quick to remind me of who I am!
This is an obsession I could do without. I'm feeling poor at the moment from all of the shopping I've been doing non-stop for the past few months and it doesn't make it any better that my husband keeps on warning me about a serious financial crisis out there. (Where?)
…until I watched the video the next day.
Silent, no one hears
Tour Dates w/ The New Year
among these mountains
Let me make some things crystal clear for everyone reading this....
Four Elements of pride (the things that lead to pride)
Of course, one can see where such a misunderstanding might occur. I mean, who in their right mind would admit to a plan like that? Then again, if you'd told me four years ago that America's leading financiers and captains of industry would elect a barely one-term U.S. Senator with no previous employment experience beyond politics who travels around talking to a pair of glass window panes on a couple of poles, I'd have said there was a misunderstanding, too.
Thomas Brown died six hours later.
Today millions of Africans in this country have indeed ceased to be good and we have reason to fear them.
Greg Walton: “I think that the guys who claim they are in charge of taking cuts need to sit back and chill becuase these teachers a have lives and children and significant others and homes they haves bills to pay how the he** are they suppose to make it and all this money are being taking out of they’re checks. I mean what the he** are they suppose to do with out teachers they would not even be on the board.”
Cool on a wire rack.
Facts are facts, and the first step is admitting it.
AND IT GETS even worse as you get older. A recent report from the Royal College of Psychiatrists says that the existing alcohol consumption guidelines need to be “drastically reduced” for people over 65. Apparently they should drink no more than one and a half “units” of alcohol a day, so even going to the pub and having a pint of bitter is bad news.
However, when walking outside after a day indoors, I was greeted with overcast skies and 15 mile per hour winds. As my buddy Mark and I were walking towards the parking lot, I mentioned that I might just go home seeing as the weather conditions were less than desirable. Mark turned to me and said "What are you talking about? That wind will feel nice while you're going for a ride!" His words spoke to me, and I immediately gave myself a mental kick in the pants, and dismissed the thought. I decided to hit up a stretch of paved bike trail I had yet to ride upon, that was only a couple of miles away from work.
For anyone interested in life in a vibration different from our own, be it in past or future, this book is well worth reading.
On World AIDS Day, one of the commitments we can make is to review the information HIV/AIDS and make sure we each do our part to eliminate the disease
6. Talking to my Soul (Xhol)
Jerry DeVito, 66, New York, N.Y.
And when life gives you lemons--well then make some lemonade!!
You could remove the ‘Daath’ from the entire fucking show and you would honestly not have noticed any fucking difference at all. It was completely fucking pointless, he brought fucking nothing to the series and existed to conveniently move the plot forward when needed.
The trouble with time travel is you can only go back as far as today, to the right here and now.
Krzysiek - guitar
1 bright
The bridge was made of glass:In the snapshot, one of his designers is standing atop a long row of glass panels that seem to hover in midair. There’s no support underneath; the 1,000-plus pieces of glass will stay in place because they’re jammed together by 800 tons of pressure supplied by an enormous underground mechanical vice that squeezes the assembly from both sides.The three photographs below, then, each taken by Donald Milne for Wired, show another of Heatherwick's bridge projects: the deservedly famous "hydraulic bridge across a canal feeding the River Thames that can curl itself into a ball to make way for passing boats."
This was the moment of innocence last grasp.
Why do you keep on running away from me?
AN ALL SPENDING CUTS, NO REVENUES PLAN…
DAY 24: SOMETHING YOU'RE GRATEFUL FOR... This was tough. Went through many options in my mind - Nurofen, Silence Anti-Snoring Spray, Frangelico.... eventually settled on the fact that I've raised two young adults who get along well. Couldn't be prouder or more grateful.
“Does publicity translate to sales?” Not always.
Placebo Every me every you UK
I haven’t been drinking heavily as a form of painkiller as I thought I might under the circumstances; though I have had some beers for sure. I’ve had occasion to stop off at mom’s place a time or two in the last few weeks and I always take a moment to have a cold beer out on her patio – just one, maybe two – never too much to count me out for the hour long drive back to my place. (I had coffee and donuts one morning, too by the way.) It’s good therapy, there in the shade, with the incessant heat licking at the edges of the patio cover and at the edges of my soul; watching the wildlife.
Davis (our oldest son - will be 10 soon) was suppose to have surgery (his twelfth ... but who's counting?!) in August ... but due to circumstances that could not be controlled ... it was rescheduled for December. He was relieved ... and it really did work out because he would have missed out on the several weeks of summer fun. This way he can still play flag-football! It is all about sports for him :O)
Professor Bebbington told the Congress: “The increased risk of psychosis may be linked to the intrusive nature of childhood sexual abuse and having no control over what is happening to you. It has disastrous effects on self-esteem and psychological well-being, and is linked to paranoia and suspiciousness – even in people who don’t go on to develop psychosis.
I have never been in this position because yours truly never experience to have a bf or even go out on a date. but in my observation, All relationship is exciting when its new. You love everything about your partner, but as time passed by you start to find faults with each other. So the multitudes of problem may arise from there.
The only true Joy we can have in this world and even in Heaven is receiving Jesus Christ inside our heart. Even if we have receive Jesus Christ in our hearts, God wants us to set us free from all pains, fear, sorrows, worries or condemnations we might still put aside. Jesus Christ wants us to live Heaven here on earth, which is full of Love, Joy, Peace, and Righteousness. We are made Holy and Righteous by the Blood of Jesus Christ, and we continue to live a Righteous life because of what He has done for us on the Cross, that He died for us while we were still sinners.
Alex Rodriguez (Mariners) vs. Shannon Stewart (Blue Jays)
debated over dinners…
One thing I am noticing in my laid-back holidaying in the queer society of the early 20th Century is that, while shut up together as universally ‘perverse’, homosexuality and sadomasochistic leanings were allowed a greater degree of crossover between them; in that it was equally condemnable to want to be buggered as beaten by a chap, so that once one was already a transgressor as a homosexual, there was little shame or condemnation left for the other vice.
A few years ago, I was studying Russian in Madrid when Valery, our very charismatic teacher, took our entire class to the restaurant he argued was the only authentically Russian in the city: Las Noches de Moscú. In this place, lavishly decorated –as it is supposed to be -, one can try the classic specialties of their cuisine, prepared by native chefs. Salad Olivier (inspiration to what we call here Russian salad), beef Strogonov, kotleti, blinis, sirnikys…All of it accompanied by a good vodka or one of the most popular beers in the country. The service is good and always willing to explain any further information about their gastronomy or costumes, such as having picked vegetables along with your vodka so that you don’t end up singing Kalinka aloud. The good value is unbeatable.
And the Queen’s heart hardened.
Nowadays most expectant mothers undergo several ultrasound examinations during the course of their pregnancy. The desirability of these scans — as indeed of several other routine obstetric procedures — is debatable. A woman may refuse to be scanned routinely, but if the midwife or the obstetrician suspect at around 32–36 weeks that her baby lies in a breech presentation, they will usually advise her to have this confirmed by a scan.
2010-11-29 Amanda Roestoff of Beeld newspaper reports that 37-year-old Afrikaner security-camera technician Riaan Petrus Velloen was beaten up so brutally by the Florida police in Roodepoort that the healthy man died in the police cells within just hours. There were no charges against Velloen when he died in police custody, said his mother-in-law Mrs Ria Hogan, 50, grand-mother of his son Kevin Hogan, 15.
Inside the nearby maintenance shed, Xu Guan had been sorting through the supplies to locate materials to make snares. He had found a roll of wire and a pair of side-cutters. As of yet, he hadn’t found anything to use for bait. Xu Guan paused in his preparations to look around the shed. As he did so, Xu Guan was certain that he heard voices outside.
I've been a long time fan of Maroon 5. Since then they have had such success and Adam has had his own success. Recently, the airwaves have a great song out influenced by the style of Mick Jagger's lose dancing. The song is such a feel good, good mood song. My daughter loves it and my son who is just 2 1/2 does the "oooooos" in the song. This song also features the fabulous voice of Christina Aguilera. The kids and I love singing to this song and dancing!
i could make her laugh and i did again tonight.
I would not take back anything that I have done knowing what I know now. Except that I might have not walked in the 60 mile walk that they think triggered all of this. That, I am sort of regretting.
G. Gold or Silver: Definitely silver.
From the distinctive backbeat of its eight cylinders at idling speed to the glorious snarl of full-throttle acceleration, the new V8 offers an exhilarating, involving and passionate route to Bentley Continental ownership. All-wheel drive and an eight-speed transmission transmit its power to the road with unshakable precision. This is a Bentley that can both stir the soul or calm the spirit, according to the mood of the driver or the conditions.
The chef made five different sauces for five different fish dishes.
The following are excerpts from a report on Yasser Salem, an Egyptian businessman involved in financing Algerian jihadists. The report aired on Al-Arbiya TV on January 4, 2007:
-THE NEW JERSEY SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS-
I’d have to say that I’d stop being so hard on myself. I would never, NEVER, never talk to anyone the way I do myself at times, especially when I’ve made mistakes or my favorite: removing any doubt that I AM the village idiot. (Oh look, there it is again! More unconditional friendliness to myself…)
We are also painted a picture of the type of person Victor Hugo was and we are even given a glimpse of his children’s downfalls and tragedies. As a reader, we feel sympathy for Charles and Adèle, while admiring Hugo’s talent but questioning his delusional reasoning. I think perhaps what strikes me the most about this tale is that all the events in the book are facts—the way these moments are presented is fictional, but very believable.
recording the layers of time. You paint him,
It was last week when NAMA made an unscheduled announcement with some details of current events. It’s always welcome to get news on how the agency is performing though it would be better to get the quarter three, 2010 report and accounts which have now been sitting on Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan’s desk for the past 54 days. Included in the announcement last week from NAMA was news of the sale of the Montevetro building on Barrow Street in central Dublin to internet search engine giant Google. This is what NAMA had to say in respect of the transaction:
4 available
More dates passed, J introduced me to Chinese take-out (after 5 years in NY I still hadn't tried it) and Georgia football. I showed J my "artsy hipster" neighborhood in Brooklyn and spoiled him with home cooked Italian food (trying to erase Olive Garden from his memory).
People always say that you will end up doing what you loved to do in third grade. Miss Cook, my third grade teacher at Brookwood Forest Elementary School pulled me aside when I was nine years old and told me, “One day you will write books.” I loved to write. In high school, I was on the newspaper staff and was even voted Most Creative in Writing during my senior year. (On a side note, it’s the same high school that Courteney Cox and Natalie Holloway attended). In college I was the editor for the editorial section of the paper. But the lure of international business enticed me to earn a master’s degree in international business at The University of South Carolina. I learned Portuguese and did an internship in the treasury department at IBM Brazil in Rio de Janeiro. Right after graduate school, I got a job in New York.
Her are some pictures of her latest collection:
Because I know I am not the only one
I curse my parents for the genetics that made me scared to fuck up, scared to take chances, scared to find a realness in the world, instead I keep punching clocks like the trained monkey I’ve become, I keep accepting checks, I keep saying “yes sir”, “no sir” to the very people I despise.
VERDICT: Suffice it to say that this is the new and improved version, and how I will make it this way from now on. The marshmallow creme melted into a lovely gooey filling. The pecan-streusel added a nice contrast with a nice crunch. I really think that this "side dish" is a crustless sweet potato pie. But, my family doesn't care. I saw family members, who shall remain nameless, going back for more helpings. I didn't get a final photo. You know how it is, when the hungry guests are ready to eat.
“See the girl with the pink shirt and black hair?” He asked me and I nodded.
But surely dreams are evidence of mental representation? Aren’t dreams, in fact, just direct experiences of mental representation? No: although mental processes often involve experiences that seem similar to inspecting representations, remember that there is no explanatory value in literally positing mental representations. They don’t help to explain dreaming any more than they help to explain perceiving, remembering or imagining. In fact they make the model of the mental process considerably more complicated and difficult; a good reason for denying them. Berkeley thought that to clear up the Lockean mess of properties of objects-in-themselves, properties of objects to cause perceptions, and properties of perceptions, either the “mental” or the “external world” had to go. On that point he was right.
She looked at me and with an air of arrogance asked me if I was in favor of smoking in public places and the reason why I was bothering.
1/4 cup water or veggie stock
To put the matter very simply—did you ever hear of Mr. Rowland Hill’s illustration of the cat and the sow? I will give it in my own fashion, to illustrate our Savior’s expressive words—“Ye must be born again”. Do you see that cat? What a cleanly creature she is! How cleverly she washes herself with her tongue and her paws! It is quite a pretty sight! Did you ever see a sow do that? No, you never did. It is contrary to its nature. It prefers to wallow in the mire. Go and teach a sow to wash itself, and see how little success you would gain. It would be a great sanitary improvement if swine would be clean. Teach them to wash and clean themselves as the cat has been doing! Useless task. You may by force wash that sow, but it hastens to the mire, and is soon as foul as ever. The only way in which you can get a sow to wash itself is to transform it into a cat; then it will wash and be clean, but not till then! Suppose that transformation to be accomplished, and then what was difficult or impossible is easy enough; the swine will henceforth be fit for your parlor and your hearth-rug. So it is with an ungodly man; you cannot force him to do what a renewed man does most willingly; you may teach him, and set him a good example, but he cannot learn the art of holiness, for he has no mind to it; his nature leads him another way. When the Lord makes a new man of him, then all things wear a different aspect. So great is this change that I once heard a convert say, “Either all the world is changed, or else I am.” The new nature follows after right as naturally as the old nature wanders after wrong. What a blessing to receive such a nature! Only the Holy Ghost can give it.
Sometimes, it seems like having Lia around has actually increased the love we have for Lily and that Lily has for us if that were possible. Little group hugs are commonplace as one competes with the other for time on Daddy or Mommy's lap. Or even for Guh Guh's attention. We are indeed very blessed, especially now that the flu bug is less of a factor. Lia's developmental specialist says to take everything in three month steps and not to expect too much on any given day. So, patiently we plod along, becoming more and more Green, Party of Five and less and less Green, Party of Four. Oh what an awesome God we serve!
As it speaks out,
Today, I actually went to The Home Depot to buy a shovel.
2 random
some cumin
The invisible swirl of the terrapin on a zero saucer fuel
– Hallie
"The whole family's at the hospital," she said. "Jamaica Hospital."
Every day, I mean every time I ever saw him, he had on the pale blue bracelet from the Jack Fund. Every single picture I’ve seen of him from the last three years, whether it was dressed up to go out or in a crazy Halloween costume (or crazy outfit period, his whole life he had a fashion sense all his own) or in a Jets jersey at a football game, he had on that blue Jack bracelet. I never talked about Jack with him, though now I wish I had. I know they’re together now. PJ said Jack has the best bodyguard (and friend) in the world now. It’s not much comfort honestly, but it’s something. At this point I think we’ll all take what we can get, anything that makes you feel a little bit better. Because there just is no sense in his not being here anymore.
It was meant to represent Berry Burst dessert with vanilla ice cream topped with custard!
Imagine my surprise when I checked my email this morning and found that I won The Prestigious 7X7 Link Award. I didn’t know what it was, but I was excited, as the last thing I won was a jar of jelly. And it was strawberry, so that pretty much sucked. Cristy Carrington Lewis, aka Paltry Meanderings of a Taller Than Average Woman, gave me the award. A recent post of Cristy’s was recently Freshly Pressed, which was exciting. I sort of feel that I know greatness, as I was the first one to post a comment when she first wrote the piece, before it was Freshly Pressed. She is a wonderful writer. I think I should have her write on my book jacket of my future Jumping in Mud Puddles book.
For some reason, the only rooms I actually did do were the master bedroom and ensuite. Must have had something to do with those nostalgic emotions I talked about earlier. Must be. Anyways, the day before our housewarming I decided it was a good plan to wallpaper. By myself. With unpasted wallpaper. For the first time. Not so smart. I scored this lovely teal and gold damask wallpaper on ebay for $7 a roll. Incredible, I know. I figured since I had this gorgeous stuff in my house, it needed to go somewhere, so feature wall it was! The task was tedious and since I was wallpapering by myself until 4:30 in the morning, it's also not a very well done job. It looks okay from afar, but it is HORRENDOUS up close.
Boris Johnson wants anyone convicted of alcohol-related violence to stay out of prison as long as they attend a police station twice a day to take a £1 breathalyser test and prove they are sober.
Rudolph van der Meulen, from Nico van der Meulen Architects, explains: “The result is a design where the three dimensionality of the building is celebrated with intersecting planes of steel and glass ‘hovering’ above the solid elements of concrete and plastered brick. Aluminum louvers are used for sun control and privacy, while creating depth and layering. The ground floor was purposely lifted above the landscape to improve the views of the garden, and to create level differences in the ground floor plane. The main bedroom cantilevers over angled concrete columns and reinforces the ‘hovering’ idea”.
2 cups chopped or shredded chicken
So my husband went Elk hunting for the first time last week. Being from California we haven't had much chance to hunt but I really consider hunting skills the ultimate in food storage preparedness.
from one aching foot to the other
Got your 2012 pedicure yet? Go on, you deserve it!
I thought I'd start an occasional series of reviews of poetry books from the rather random collection I've built up over the years. I had the idea when I fished out this book, looking for a poem I remembered from it. It was -is- a rather brutal, surreal poem and it's from The Lost Fire Brigade by Spike Hawkins:
So far, the DA’s office has done this by demonising DSK in a manner guaranteed to wind up any juror buying into the pc world inhabited by Joan Illuzzi-Orbon – probably an inbuilt majority. Brafman’s team is playing the same game with the letter about media manipulation – but also laying great stress on demolishing the Muslim Mother Theresa persona Vance’s department wants for Nafissatou Diallo. Thus, the defence has hired investigators from the firm Guidepost Solutions to look into the woman’s background, and examine any weaknesses in her account. Guidepost Solutions’ directors include a former head of the criminal division at the New York prosecutor’s office, a former head of security at IT giant IBM and a former federal prosecutor who has worked closely with the US Secret Service. So expect some potential hacking scandals along the way.
This is the core idea of biocentrism. Quantum theory tells us that there are no “things,” only probabilities called “wave functions,” until there is an observer. In his version of quantum physics, the act of observation creates the thing it observes, fixing its position or its momentum, neither of which exists as a separate, physical entity until the moment of observation.
A recent study found that a heart-healthy Mediterranean diet, featuring nuts, grapes, oranges, apples, and fresh tomatoes, could provide allergy relief.
8)All Regional Organisers to stand down and be elected by the regional members and to be paid £1000 per month, plus travelling expenses and communications. This is based on getting our donations and membership fees up again.
Anyway, I'm trying to be better about my contribution to the vintage sharity community that is growing every day, and so I'm ripping the whole album these days, rather than just a couple songs. Here's the track listing:
SUNDRIED TOMATO GUACAMOLE WITH CHIPS
(Brooklyn, Nov. 11, 2009)- In an example of poor planning, two teens were injured by gunfire last night, possibly due to irresponsible management of the promotional event, as well as insufficient security at the Atlantic Center Mall. The incident occurred at the Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant’s Tuesday, 40-cent, Wing Promotion. An altercation between restaurant patrons happened in the mall, which then spilled into the streets of Fort Greene, Brooklyn.
I was brought up on sweet, milky porridge made with rolled oats, but that all changed when I was shown how to make it by champion porridge maker Ian Bishop from Carrbridge in Scotland. My method is now his.
Although the idea of having little robot children who obey our every command without a second thought is really, really appealing , it's actually not what we should strive for as parents. Hal uses the example of the movie Ella Enchanted his book. (If you haven't seen this movie, it's really cute and well worth renting, in my opinion.) In this movie, Ella is given the gift curse of obedience. She must obey. She has no choice but to do everything she’s told to do. This curse of obedience forces her to do some awful things in the movie. Think about it. Even though the thought of a child who obeys your every command, sounds heavenly, would you really want this child to grow up doing what everyone tells them to do? What happens when their peers tell them to have a cigarette? Take drugs? Steal a CD? I don't know about you, but I certainly don’t want my child to simply follow along and do what they’ve been told. I want them to use their brains and think of the consequences before making a decision. I want them to make wise choices because they've learned about consequences from experience.
Before diving into the irresponsible and tawdry actions by government employees which was plastered on the front pages of the news of late, we need to first off recognize that those caught partaking of these misadventures are not indicative of government employees in general. The vast numbers of government employees are dedicated professionals who work diligently giving 100% efforts. Those who we refer to in what follows are the few bad apples in the barrel. Despite the joke about a substandard performance at a task as, “close enough for government work,” does a disservice to those who toil away, often thanklessly, in the services of the many layers of government. Most tasks performed by government employees are required to meet the same standards as similar professions must meet in the private sector, there are entire departments in government which hold their employees to an even higher standard. This editorial is about those government employees who have failed to maintain a high standard of discipline and judgment and have earned any aspersions thrown at them.
Tick Tock... "What's taking him so long?"
Swift is designed do not forget the road and climate conditions throughout India. Your efficient McPherson sway insides in the front helps increase handling and comfort point. The particular suspension product links the lower biceps and triceps of the suspension on the gearbox, steering, plus raise engine hanging to a insides figure.
My daughter and I went back into the house with our freshly
“We believe the awareness that UAF ambassadors can bring to the growing problem of abandoned, vacant housing in our cities will help Builders of Hope and CESI turn blighted neighborhoods into vibrant communities,” said Howard.
Even if you can't come to an event with me this weekend, I want to share an image that you can color for yourself.
“We barely made it on our three-hour-trip,” says Cemal Arabi, a 42-year-old refugee, after the group arrived from the besieged rebel stronghold of Idlib. “Assad’s soldiers are deployed along the routes.”
You’re going to scare him, Kugel said, looking deep into her eyes.
Usually I try to persuade people to visit us in May or October, since I think that the August landscape is comparatively dull; a uniform tired green, rather than the fresh colours of spring and the tawny glow of autumn. As we carried on up into the hills, however, we found ourselves in amongst the heather in full bloom. From a distance it looks fairly muted, but up close it is quite a startling magenta: the sort of colour you get in postcards from the seventies that were surely touched up, except…perhaps they weren’t? Heather really is that purple, even in the inevitable shower that swept over us just as we stopped to pick a bunch for our friend’s children in Copenhagen.
I think about family and friends and the ways in which these lines blur and cross-over, and how biology and non-biology are both a part of this, and also irrelevant in many cases. What is it that holds relationships together? The shared histories and futures? Interconnections and responsibilities? What is it that hangs out in the spaces in between bodies/people? I think about love for each other and memories, laughter and tears.
Myself, I've never trusted the guy -- I say this even though one of Kaufman's early credits is as a writer on my beloved Get A Life. But I very quickly became sick -- this happened as I was first watching Being John Malkovich in the theaters, in fact -- of Kaufman, for instance, stripping very old science fiction concepts of their SF accoutrements and riding that disguised genre into the open arms of people who think they don't like genre material and therefore don't read/watch it, and therefore marvel at the very idea that anybody, say Charlie Kaufman or whoever, could ever come up with stuff this original and smart, never mind that Kaufman and Jonze have already treated you as so thunderously stupid that you needed to be explicitly told what the film was about right before being shown what it was about. Show, don't tell, but if at all possible do both very loudly. So Kaufman would do this sort of thing, or he would take a genuinely good idea, an actually new approach to post-modernism, and then panic when things started getting too sincere. I'm talking about Adaptation here, a film about the act of literary-to-cinematic adaptation, and about what's lost and what's compromised, and about writer's block, and about Charlie Kaufman, and about commercialism and art, and reality, all that. But more than anything, Adaptation is a film about becoming a joke, and making everything that had come before the joke a joke, too, and it's about people deciding proudly that the only way to not like the joke is to not get the joke, and come on, you like jokes, don't you? Quentin Tarantino said of Adaptation something to the effect of (paraphrased) "Never before have I been so invested in a movie only to be completely thrown out of it by the end." I know how he feels.
A recent report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies showed that 71% of all alcohol units bought in the off-trade ware under 45p per unit, and from this I would expect the figure for those under 40p to be well over 50%. Rather different from 8%.
Quin - Someone off of Emporer's new groove
Artwear is sometimes wearable, but there are pieces in this book that aren't intended to be worn--it says so, in the text. At first I was offended: why even include those? But then as I thought about it, I realized that most artwear is meant more for display than it is for use as an actual garment. Most artwear is art, and art is something unto itself. Art--with a big A--has a theme, a purpose, a message, a goal. The artist making it has something they're saying or working out or pursuing. That goal--whatever it is--is what's important, not the clothing.
Blair stood virtually alone against them, and lost.
I think about how Jesus has this kind of ministry with us. He listens, He encourages. The Holy Spirit is literally “one called alongside to help.”
Emma Donoghue’s Room
Jeff Who?
All applications must be received by Sunday, March 25, midnight EST. Announcement of new DT will be made on the Challenge blog on April 6, 2012.
With more grateful and obedient new citizens like Angelo Marc Jandugan and Hong Xu joining the electorate each year, the PAP can ensure it retains its political hegemony and dominance for many years to come.
The direction is fantastic, the slow built up to the finale really pays off and the action sequences are fluid and awe inspiring, the interlaced battle sequences, flowing from one character to the next had me on the edge of my seat the whole time (if not even more so on the second viewing).
like a night in the forest
"You were just an echo of a world I knew so long ago..."
Every morning it's a struggle to get out of bed. Every day, it's a struggle to keep doing my work I'm supposed to be doing. It all just feels wrong, dammit.
Films of this sort must be transcendently good to overcome their content. Old San Francisco would be a lovely addition to any sociologist’s DVD collection, but as art, it’s just weak. The scene I’ll remember best from this one is not the quake, or the curls of opium smoke, or Delores’ glowing sword—it’s the moment when Buckwell’s face is bathed in the harsh light of the Vasquez’s sculpted Christ, and he’s revealed to have been Chinese all along. The camera draws in close, and we can see it clearly now. Oland is squinting.
I’ve spent the last day or so thinking a lot about content, and about the mantra of the ‘noughties’: content is king. It seemed that every major media organisation was happy to pay homage to its content, but didn’t quite know how to make people pay for it.
ARROW: Cover a 15 inch length of medium wire with Yellow. Secure ends with glue. Bind one end for 1 inch with Rust. Cut 40-3 inch strands of Rust and past in place to other end of arrow.
Friday’s eating was light because being out. I ate some Grits for breakfast (100 calories), Cheesecake Jell-o (150 calories), and a sugar free jell-o snack cup (10 calories); 260 calories
- Collage and Stencils
Features I'd like to see in Bedrock Bandage 3
Q: Europe? Where?
I think this image is called siblings? I gave it to hubby for his birthday. Its to him from the kids with a BIG hug!!!
“A great American movie that will leave you cheering. Positively thrilling.”
_____I like the Valentines cards that say "Will you beer my Valentine" (funny valentine quote)
Halflings can take 2 Treemen, strength 6! and if Star Players are allowed they can take Deeproot who is strength 7! Plus they have cheap access to the chef. That's not a bad team.
Penguin Classics
Tests- 188, Runs- 15470, Avg- 55.44, 100s- 51, High- 248*
Wanted to believe in all the words that i was speaking
But today's recipe is based on a concoction my gradmother used to make from the ripened guavas that she so dearly wanted to save from the group of bandits that we were. Jams and relishes from stewed guava with some sugar. That is also a reason to remember summer. When breakfast was fabulous with the homemade guava spread.
Everytime I look at these photos I get a giggle lol :)
Maybe I’m not your typical “dude” who wants action, action, and more action. I’m definitely all about the story with many levels, and I really feel like no movie this year did a better job of mixing great acting, excellent writing, comedy, emotion, and people I liked doing interesting and likable things. Joseph Gordon Levitt should be considered for Best Actor this year, but he won’t be mainly because the movie came out too soon, and is probably considered too light for most voters (because what’s a movie about a young guy dying from cancer if it’s not light?). My girl Anna Kendrick rocked it, again. Seth Rogen proved he could act, and not just be awkward (like his performance in The Green Hornet, for example). I cried at this movie, and I’m not ashamed to admit it. It’s the only one this year that really got me without me feeling a little manipulated (I’m looking at you “We Bought a Zoo”). The Oscar talk has really gotten a head of steam lately, and I rarely hear this mentioned, which is odd since Rotten Tomatoes has this as the 2011 Winner of the Golden Tomato award for Best User Reviewed movie. Everyone loved it.
1 cup fresh blueberries
'The Total Balalaika Show'
Griffin has the background for a State OP. A student at Downing College, Cambridge a well-known recruiting ground for spies. He went to Libya to meet Colonel Qaddafi in the 1980s where he would have met Libyan intelligence officers; the same intelligence officers who were meeting with and funding the IRA. Are we expected to believe the security services would not have wanted to talk to him after? This was at a time when Britain had no diplomatic relations with Libya. He was also involved with far right groups in Italy suspected of terrorist connections – the International Third Party.
In summary, what Thomas is saying is that Fruit Fly genome is such that further modifications cannot be made by evolution as all mutations are detrimental. He is also extending this into the past, effectively claiming that the D. melanogaster genome is Irreducibly Complex. This is again a dangerously large example if IC – there could easily be a simpler form, considering what we know from the two studies. A lot of research has been done on D. melanogaster, and I don’t know if there has been other studies showing places where you can mutate the fly to get surviving offspring. I have a hunch though, that there have been documented cases of this.
Please feel free to leave more praises (including specific praises) in the comments. He is good and we should remember that daily.
One deep breathe,
Kohl’s support for the legislation is critical because he’s a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and would have a vote when the roll is called to move the legislation to the floor. Lynn Becker, a Kohl spokesperson, said the senator had previously considered DOMA a state issue.
To further prove my fandom, below are some photos I took.
It's almost Thanksgiving! Are you having anyone over? Traveling somewhere fun? However you plan to spend it, I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving! This week we are (mostly) wrapping up our Thanksgiving Designs. The one I had in my head (if you follow us on Facebook) is still working out the kinks, so this is the other one I had in mind. :) Here we go!
So, just as a reminder, I'm going to be running this contest before each new book I write! So, if you didn't win this time, you have another chance for the next book in the Jolie series!!! More to come on that later...
To get the best gaming experience, you should also check whether the display is capable of display high resolution graphics and you also need to find out how good is the sound output. It may not be advisable to play games while the laptop is running on battery. Nevertheless, gaming laptops should provide you with good battery backup.
The big 66
Then I came home, made a poor decision and checked R's blog and his reading and movie logs, and then started crying in the shower. I ended up talking to my Dad and my closest guy friend, S. Three hours FaceTime talk-therapy later, I felt better and slept a good night's sleep. The talk was about all different stuff, not just me whining about the end of a relationship. S is one of those eerily positive people and just sees the world through this amazing filter that all of us could benefit from. I was intending to go out to a birthday party but when midnight rolled around and I was still on the phone, I decided I'd stay in and rest up.
Sat May 5th 12pm-7pm
Baby Girl is 5 months old today!
ShopNBC’s presentation will be broadcast live via audio webcast at 1:10 p.m. and at the same time the presentation will be
I am not at home but saw this fabulous email on my phone and had to post it. Thanks to everyone that went to bat for Smashwords!
If I do any of these things which allow me to turn away and remain silent, I am complicit. I am helping my government, with my tax dollars and my silence, to carry out a slow, secret, systematic genocide on a people.
That you were my past, my memory long ago
Directed by Mandeep Kumar and produced by TIPS Industries Limited, “Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya” hits theatres Friday.
(By the way, we do not even say things like “that’s for boys” or “that’s for girls” we simply allow all toys to be ungender specific)
Did you know that tomatoes are the most popular piece of produce to grow at home? Besides being delicious, tomatoes are fairly simple to grow. There are thousands of varieties to choose from. You can grow tomatoes in containers, raised garden bed, upside down, or in a traditional garden.
When I was in university, I wanted so bad to be a part of this group of girls. I wanted to be “in” with them and when I clearly wasn’t, it tore me apart. To this day I find it hard to see pictures of them all together, still friends. However, I don’t blame anyone but myself for what happened with them.
Their father stared at the wall for a moment. "I suppose you girls are old enough to know some things." He seemed to be choosing his words carefully, like someone picking through rotten fruit at the grocery store, trying to find something useful. "How much do you remember about Fletching?"
The Gods were originally Old Ones were from the time before the creation of the Universe. They possessed the ability to exist in multiple times and dimensions simultaneously.
Bærum
Abby Goyer's life has been turned upside down. Her mom died a year ago, her dad is consumed with work and his grief, and her dad's new job has transferred them from Washington D.C. to Alaska. Talk about a change of scenery. But with the change in scenery comes new secrets. Dr. Goyer's job at a place called "Jason Farms" is top secret, and when Abby discovers a young man in her room named Martyr who claims he's a clone from the Jason Farms, well, things start to get alot more interesting.
Most folks spend Easter eating chocolate, but of course, for me, it is prime beer drinking time. A long weekend with beer festivals left, right and centre, with the odd sprinkling of sunshine to remind you that there is a use for beer gardens other than freezing smokers' asses off.
As some of you may know, I have a bit of a Polyvore addiction. To me, being able to go in a program and virtually create room design boards is the equivalent of playing with Barbies as a kid (…without the whole Barbie-Ken smooching thing). I’m a really visual person, so when I’m designing a room it’s a huge help to be able to see how my ideas will actually look before I actually start working on a room. It also helps me to be able to experiment with different design elements without the commitment of going out and buying that wacky Amy Butler fabric or faux deer head. It’s basically risk free decorating. Love that. Okay – hang on for a highly technical (but hopefully informative) post.
Because of the recognized leadership position held by the University of Texas, the closure announcement came as quite a shock to the campus community and to accessibility experts and technology industry leaders globally. As business, government and academic institutions all over the world strive to build inclusive information technology design tools and techniques, the closure of one of the nation’s leading research institutes in the field is baffling to many.
The Stand Your Ground law has already been abused and/or (as in the case of Zimmerman) used to cover up some shifty and suspicious behavior.
Perhaps the answer is that we can’t take the cross in isolation.
We then find Frank at a restaurant with his right hand man, Doc (Ruben Santiago-Hudson.) Two younger neighborhood guys come in and Frank asks them about his cousin Nate. They tell him Nate has himself a club in Bangkok. He asks the two of them to come with him. Frank takes them to one of his drug hideouts and lets them shoot up for free as they're "in uniform."
Matamoras is less than an hour’s drive from the George Washington Bridge.
On a completely different note and whilst you are here I wanted to share a photo with you of my brothers little dog, who we have staying with us over the Easter weekend. She's a Jack Russell/Chihuahua X and as you can see has lovely black and white markings...one of which is almost heart shaped, especially when she's curled up in her bed :0)
Yes, we watch Glee. Who doesn't love a good musical number sung in the middle of a show? I've always enjoyed musicals and singing. Music has been a big part of my life for a long time. Makes sense I would enjoy Glee. Even Mr. man enjoys it. "High Schoolers" singing and dancing every day? Yes, please!
I can’t begin to tell you how often I get that question. It doesn’t bother me at all, but if I get the first question, it is almost guaranteed that the second one will be the follow-up. After my husband was asked the same questions this weekend he urged me to blog about it. (Rich is a new vegetarian, something he wants to try for a full year (he’s four months in!) and then see how he feels.)
Meanwhile-the last two weeks have been FREEZING in my office. The building is comfortable overall, but for some reason, my office and Ryan's office next door have been like a meat locker! Ryan actually had his coat on for a few days!!! It's complete insanity...an office should never be this cold.
While it is all quite unseemly, I don’t think these issues will keep Mr. Milbank from again voting for President Obama.
For these several reasons Judeo-Christianity can easily be used by its leader, and by the leaders of Israel, to carry out a political agenda that favors that foreign political state over and ahead of the interests of America, and ahead of the interest of any humans in the USA or any other country except Israel. For the most part followers of the cult do not know they are being used. Without this understanding many are confused between Judeo-Christian religion and its political agenda. Pro-Israel activists, including John Hagee, should rightly be registered as agents for a foreign government, so open are their objectives.,Some of our allies against serial wars attribute them to Israel, working through its agents and lobbies for the purpose of gaining US dollar support and creating chaos in the Middle East for its own benefit.
They had the power to change things but did not. They are beyond shame which is no surprise for they do not understand the concept.
All art is quite useless.
Although not credited, Smiling Monarchs was mixed by Bernard Sumner and is a pounding, sequencer driven track with lush string effects and a unique effect laden bass melody much akin to New Order. The similarity to Your Silent Face is clear to these ears. The flip-side Benway's Carnival reminds me of late period Ultravox and doesn't work for me. Smiling Monarchs is a lost Factory classic and deserves to be heard by all.
My name is Bryan Minor, I am the youngest of my fathers two sons. It is with a great deal of sadness and regret that I have found my way onto my fathers blog to post what will be "One Conservative Estimates" final post.
10-If you had to move to a state or country besides the one you currently live in, where would you move and why?
A new identity. Isn't it odd how we can do that in cyberspace?
Jeffrey Campbell Zero Peeptoe Wedge, approx $118
Snake Potion – Potion to “charm” the Golden Snake Staffs. The rolls are as follows:
I would say that I’m not judging anyone based on what they read, but I would be lying. I judge you all over the place. English major. Guilty.
How can you avoid those traps and eat in a way that improves your health and your mental/emotional state? According to this article, it’s just what I’ve been recommending to my clients – getting back to basics:
At the end of the West Ham Player Awards, on Monday evening, David Gold led a rallying cry to the side stating his expectations in the playoffs, and they were pretty straight forward. He fully expects us to go up as the side in the playoffs with the best squad, manager and fans. Well we will wait and see, because as we know from this season reputations mean nothing.
*Then, I wrecked my bike in the rain that following Monday. I wasn't hurt but my bike was damaged, $1200 worth. I'm supposed to get it back today. It's supposed to pour-down rain today. Lovely.
PLEASE FORWARD TO ALL OF YOUR CONTACTS, TOGETHER WE CAN AND WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE!- THANK YOU!
I am here for work until Friday. Anyone know any great places to eat that I need to try or things I need to do that I can squeeze in?
I started to feel lots of pressure in my bum. I remember thinking “no! That can’t possibly be what I think it is. I’m no way near pushing a baby out!” Then all of a sudden, no pushing, there was a head. I was on my hands and knees and all of a sudden this head popped out! I screamed at Steven “HEAD!”
I'm working on my life/work balance and, while I really love my job, I need to make the time to do the things I like to do (like writing and such).
1) You will be blessed if you do not stray from your goal…(in my case it is to lose more weight). You should stop dreaming and longing of things that have no benefit to you (such as the unhealthy comfort foods that I need to avoid) these things can take your life away.
WHO, then, IN PARTICULAR, is agitating for the turn lane, and why won't they name themselves? And what connections might they have to the individuals sitting on the GPATS board?
~ the “sciences” of demonology and angelology
the items with your
Touch. This is a show of epic proportions and everyone should watch it.
But, Mr. Obama explains to his handler, he needs more time, and he needs to get into a position where he is no longer answerable to American voters.
This, too, shall pass away !
Includes 2 CR2032 batteries installed (plus an extra set of batteries) and protective pouch.
I started to really cramp up here and hate myself. I was really frustrated. I stopped and stretched for a few minutes. I needed to calm down since I was falling apart and I knew my goal was not going to be met. I thought about just calling it quits right there since I was unable to keep fluids down. Looking back I am glad I didn’t but maybe I should have?
Some couples find planning the look of the reception to be the most fun, while others the most nerve-wracking! Coming up with a color scheme to match your flowers, linen, paper products, wedding cake, etc. can be hard if you don’t really know where to start and how to tie everything together. But with so many great online tools, this part of the process can be fun! I recently discovered COLOURlovers, a free website that allows you to create and share color ideas and palettes. For DIY brides, this tool is great because not only can you provide your vendors with your Inspiration (thank you Pinterest :p), you can also provide an exact color palette to work with.
Wal: Ok so here’s the thing. I came to know recently that the polar bear was interested as well. And you know…. I kinda have a thing for her…. And I dunno… Not like I realllly want to do this you know. Anyway, I have endured this camp easily enough and can easily claim a place in the wagon for myself. I dunno.. I think I should let her continue the job the Narwhal did.
Extras: Wild Orchid Craft Flowers, Pearls, Corner Punch, Ribbon, Petal Cone Die
“I can’t ride with you.”
lip stick. Hee Hee..
and to try
We all are leaders irrespective of our job role. And an Effective Leader is Assertive.
Me: So what do you recommend I do?
Somewhere down the line, we’ve substituted plug-ins and candles instead of pot roast made in the crock pot and homemade pie for desert. Favorite family recipes are collecting dust in cabinets; long forgotten. Cooking shows are the rage and I know many people love to cook but we’ve forsaken the family meals and Sunday dinners. Treasure your family time and spending time with good friends because nothing else can beat the real thing. (Deuteronomy 26:18: The Lord has declared this day that you are His treasured people as He promised)
There are a lot of similarities between alcohol addiction and drug addiction. And differences too; like alcohol being legally (usually) and easily available. In this sense, the alcoholic doesn’t live in fear of being picked up and have his urine tested, detained and charged in court.
What is your dream job?
Centre weighted auto exposure; exposure compensation: +2 ~ -2EV at 0.5 step
In one scene Spooner tries to destroy Hurst's grasp of the past: by querying if he did have the wife he has been boasting of. In the following Scene Hurst produces a photograph album which he seems to offer as evidence against Spooner's attempt to deny him the past of his reminiscences or conceiving. Is he getting back at Spooner or reassuring himself?
If you have a hammer:
Potential dangers
Secondly, because it's long, you can be guaranteed the child will "root" (wiggle), which will result in a quick smack in the top of their head from whoever's plaiting. Oh, and this so happens to adults, as well. Also if a Black female is braiding your hair, don't reach up to touch it. The comb is a dangerous weapon!
General Charles E. Wilhelm, USMC (Ret.)
Consider these noble words of Umar ibn al-Khattab (ra) to Sad ibn Abi Waqqas (ra) as he bade farewell to the Muslim army that was to confront the Persians at Qadisiyyah.
Many people are familiar with building raised beds, but typically when people build them they simply pile up soil, maybe within a wooden or stone border, and plant in that. This is okay, but it can be improved by the very simple addition of piled up wood underneath the soil. Sepp Holzer, a permaculture farmer in Austria, builds permaculture beds six feet high, but for most of us we'll probably do them smaller. You could even dig down, pile up the wood, and then cover it in soil, thereby getting more wood in there without the height.
16. Cut & Run, argues that the Welfare State is a clever strategy developed by Big Capital. It is like a State run Truck System.
In furniture, mirrored surfaces, inlaid woods, and exotic material such as shagreen (sharkskin) and zebra, along with exotic woods such as rosewood and ebony were favorites of Art Deco designers.”
As I write this with conviction, I am still waffling back and forth. Do you save only the big stuff for Him or do you give Him everything?
Was she used?
The first two nights of NFFTY 2012 have been incredible! I am so thankful to have had the opportunity to intern at NFFTY, which led to the opportunity to submit a film to the festival, which led to actually having my short accepted and screened at the festival; all of which has led to this amazing weekend!
Last year, I didn't fare so well in that stage. It was brutal. I think I've grown since then, but probably not. We'll see. This year I swear to bite my tongue if I don't agree with my reviewer.
This option works for both the Itouch and IPhone. However, you need Internet access to get to the handbooks. So if you have your Itouch and you do not have Internet access you won't be able to see the handbooks. If you have your IPhone, you can do this but depending if you are on the G network, E network or wifi will depend on the speed of which the handbook will load.
- Watching Bailey win the starring role on Legally Blonde (which I had guessed since I saw Bailey outside a theatre on my last trip to NYC)
Creepily subdued (cheerful even, and more effective for it), teen impotence and Rock
But when I started researching cases like yours, and telling them what I found, they suddenly understood, and not only supported me, but offered sympathy for you and what you were going through.
Et dit au pauvre : ami, viens jeûner avec moi.
Towards the end of last year, in a moment of temporary insanity, I declared that I would try 40 new recipes in 40 days and post about each one until the new year. It was a crazy and exhilarating experience. This year, I have better control over my impulsive behavior. Still, I am keen on making the best of what's left of 2010 and cooking and baking to my heart's content.
Sorry for the hiatus, everyone; I've been in France. (If you want to know why you can read my more domestic blog on www.maryhoffman.co.uk)
- Dark chocolate sponge
The grain bill was:
- From the movie "The Mirror Has Two Faces" -
But, hey. There you go. Why should travelling to Europe and back change the World?
Mark Halperin of Time :
It is, of course, somewhat tempting to take “liberal” and “conservative” as being marketing and rhetorical terms rather than having much value in categorizing political views. After all, people who identify as liberals take being a liberal to involve the virtues of tolerance, acceptance and so on while regarding conservatives as clinging to an unjust past out of fear of change. In response, those who identify as conservatives often see themselves as defending what is good and holy from the depravity of the godless liberals and their agenda.
"Business robberies have also increased, so when you are at work you are also at risk. Shopping malls and restaurants are all places of work, which means that you are never safe," said Burger.
If you are traveling to Italy in the summer Tory Burch has great outfits for the lovely weather. I will definitely being doing some trend watching and style observing while I spend my mornings drinking cafe and eating all of the pastries I can get.
My sperm donor left me with abandonment issues that are still harming me today.
I have been working on being consistent and firm in the classroom. I work to employ my consequences evenly and dispassionately so that the students know that rules are rules and that punishments are not personal. I have expectations in this class and if they are not met, there will be behavior checks, staying after class, and detentions. I value your education, which is why I refuse to let you squander it. On the other hand, I am also working to establish positive relationships with my students by connecting on a personal level, making time for chats and jokes, and with phone calls home. Some days are easier than others. Some moments are easier than others. I sometimes feel overwhelmed and frustrated. I can't get over the feeling that I am just winging it and just crossing my fingers that they all learn something.
Hard right to the body by Justin, and both fighter are starting to find their distance. Chaote land s a jab. Leg kick lands for Justin.
I lie
I first discovered what was killing these men.
3. Wake the World
Specialists in superior coffee, owners Nicolas and David aim to bring high-quality brew to Paris - a city more traditionally renowned for its weak yet acrid cups of sock-juice espresso. Here the concise menu proposes espresso, filter coffee, noisette or white coffee - and each is prepared with care using excellent ingredients and specialist equipment.
My first book in the Debut Author Challenge for this year (finally!).
I noticed that the images displayed on the screen during these sexually explicit commercials, which relentlessly attempts to brainwash viewers to sms “PORN” to number xxxxxx, are ALL WHITE WOMAN. This got me thinking…. because I know for a fact that commercials on e-TV are targeted at the ‘previously disadvantaged’ Black community of this democrazy cuntreee!
I'm going to be in Seattle, WA, USA from 27th August to 5th September, staying with a (non-dancing) friend.
So with a year’s understanding under their belt and the newly confirmed status as the RenaultSport factory team, the RB8 has taken a step forwards in KERS packaging. Now the energy storage appears to be slightly revised, with the unit inside the gearbox swapped for floor mounted units. In this exclusive picture from MichaelD in Melbourne, we can see the units remain fitted to the floor when it’s removed. The two carbon fibre cases are closed with aluminium tops and are provided with electrical and cooling connections. They sit in the final section of flat floor known as the boat tail.
Let me just pause here a minute. Did I even mention to you that I haven't pulled my sewing machine out in months, and now I was planning to tackle making my first slipcovers? No? Well, yes, I was petrified. The last thing I made were these straight seam orange curtains, and these envelope fold chevron fabric pillows... For some reason, winding the bobbin, sewing rounded seams instead of straight... all these things gave me the heebie jeebies. I don't know why I was so scared. Really. I think I was most concerned about getting the tread all tangled up in the insides of the machine because I did something small and stupid. But, alas, reading directions helps! Even though the poor translation of these Janome instructions made us laugh the first time I used the machine, months back, this time was serious and I had to pay attention to what they said... Outcome? It worked. Just fine. Now I'm not scared. End the pause.
Overall, this kit is a great way to try the brand, use for travel, and get better skin. Both myself and my friend really enjoyed the products in the kit, and liked the way they smelled. I'd recommend checking it out!
I went home for my high school reunion (next blog) and we celebrated Claire and Charlotte's birthdays. Claire turned 3 on August 15th and Charlie turned 1 on August 31st! Happy birthday beautiful nieces :)
Sweet Potato Fries
Nor I would argue are our kids passive victims ripe for commercial organisations. They are actually rather savvy, and I think understand very well what commercial organisations are trying to do when they communicate with them, particularly when it comes to engagement online.Hmm, I wonder which clowns are promoting such concepts, eh? Vested interests who are looking only to their next pay cheque, perchance?
**Don't Forget that's it's Friday, so it's Mega Swagbucks Day! If you are not a member yet, go Here to sign up! Its Free to sign up, then download the Swagbucks toolbar to remind you to Search the web and Win Swagbucks!!! You can then redeem your Swagbucks for Free prizes, such as Gift cards!
Written: AvaElectric
Elizabeth: I’m working on a book whose working title is Bavarian Blue. It’s set in WWI Hoboken, New Jersey. Few people know that when WWI erupted, President Woodrow Wilson evicted the Germans of Hoboken from their homes and businesses. because of the strategic location of the town just across the river from NYC. Hoboken was predominantly populated by people of German ancestry. It changed the complexion of the town, giving the more newly arrived Irish and Italian the jobs and power in town.
Lemon Tart with Raspberry coulis
And everyone’s heart flies
care. Made with fine finished edges.
Consensus: The tone may be a disjointed, the laughs may not be constant, and the run-time may be about 30 minutes too long, but The Five-Year Engagement still entertains enough with it’s very funny laughs, and it’s charming leads, that are backed by an amazing supporting cast that steals the scenes almost every chance they get.
into the Dangote group,
Peter Randall Page had been invited to show work at the Octagon Chapel – a fantastic venue, as I have said before. An exhibition of both his drawings and sculptures. The drawings were large and on thick, textile-like, watercolour paper, or fabric canvas, in pencil and charcoal. Dark, expressive, structural, evoking natural forms. The sculptures were between hard and soft-hard stone yet carved to a smooth, cushion-like finish. A very good use of the space.
Imagine their astonishment when I told them that Jeff was born in York County. In fact, Jeff was born and raised in my current home town of Dover, Pa and has become the highest paid and most well known sculptor in the U.S. Many people think his work is kitschy. Okay, the subject matter is kitschy, but the interpretation, in my opinion, is brilliant.
Watch episode after episode, because I’m sure most of his inventions are fundamentally sound and would work in real life. If you can make a solar powered laser beam from a pistachio, a soiled prophylactic and your own eyeball, trust me, you’ll do fine in THUNDERDOME WORLD.
Hope your new year is off to a good start! Mr Corgi and I are going to try "No Web Wednesday" after work today, but I will try to get a tutorial of my slider card up in the next couple of days. Until then, enjoy the direction the wind takes you!
she is bossy
Superfluid Superluminal Centrifuge
and a resulting 3-day hospital stay for our beloved miss dee
Finely grind cookies with sugar and salt in a food processor. With motor running, add butter, blending until combined. Press mixture evenly onto bottom of baking pan. Bake 10 minutes, then cool in pan on a rack 5 minutes.
His campaign aimed to “make white folks angry” at his opponent, the Liberal Democrat’s Elwyn Watkins, as part of a desperate bid to retain his seat in the run up to the May 2010 general election. Whipping up hysteria and rhetoric that could make him a Tea Party candidate in America, Woolas is now barred from the House of Commons and ordered to pay £5,000 and costs to Mr Watkins.
Last but not least: Always keep revisiting and updating the list. This will apply for your future clients as well.
1/4 cup sweet rice flour
Oh and I’ll be taking all my made up Aspen’s too. I have just finished knitting a tiny one, to fit a 12-18month size
wallet was sitting on the counter. I reached for it, considered reconsidering, then took it anyway. It had been months since I’d actually left her large house. I washed my hair, put on a yellow sundress and pink sandals, then went out for breakfast at 2 p.m. I ordered eggs benedict with fresh fruit and breakfast
I’ve got
There is nothing to dislike in this book. Even if you are not a continuous reader, you can easily read one story and pick up from the next one after 15 days.
The drawers under the bunkbeds hold things like stuffed animals and baby dolls. Before we moved, each child chose two sets of toys they wanted to bring.
So, in honor of Holocaust Remembrance Day in Israel, I've been reading one chapter...I think maybe I'll post it separately if people are interested. So - a quiet Sabbath. Next week will be a busy one as Wednesday is Memorial Day and Thursday is Independence Day.
Here's a SSO question: I've been worried about you. You mentioned having marital problems. I'm sorry to pry...are things okay?
I have another pretty sick student that has been out all week with Pneumonia! Three in my class are on antibiotics for Strep and now the 4th has Pneumonia. I think I'm going to have to start bleaching desks at the end of each day!!!
It is a time of transition; change in the trees and in the skies, and yet of stillness; autumn evenings run into one another with a smooth sameness; every night sky the same velvety moleskine black, with only the mutations of the moon for diversity.
(this above picture literally gives me hives)
Disclaimer: I am not paid to advertise any of the above businesses nor I am sponsored by them. I am just suggesting the businesses which I find reliable and trustworthy. My suggestions are somewhat tips from a local so I hope you will also do other researches too. Please do not rely solely on my blogpost before you come here because I am not a professional travel guide.
I am suggesting we set aside a few extra dollars each month to help someone less fortunate.
The woman bent over in front of me reminded me of Jamie Gertz. She was perhaps not as beautiful as the real one, but a very decent knock-off. It was enough of an illusion to get me rock hard. For the next two hours I explored many ways of defiling her. To my amusement, she didn’t seem to mind.
Here is the video I made to go with my Merry Monday card and Card-Spiration Challenge 11
Okay! It’s true!
31 That's Why God Made the Radio
According to the Muslim belief, the forces to battle the one eyed beast would rise from the area of Khurasan that comprises of portion of Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan and part of Central Asia. If the anti-Christ forces have assembled in Afghanistan, it’s not a coincidence but well thought out Zionist strategy to take on Pakistan, the nuclear power of the Muslim world so its free to advance other Muslim territories without any fear.
Nick just informed me I was way off.
Bush has always loved to make an unusual voice even more
Every year at around this time my husband and I have to learn to dart quickly around our garden holding tea trays over heads for fear of plummeting pears. Not really, but they do come down pretty quick and make a hell of a racket banging onto the lawn.
Complete chapter 4 of episode 1.
5 Bodyline - now this is a new one to my list and i dont know how my stuff is because i accidentally got it sent to my
Ick. This is my knee as of this morning, a little over a week since I took a fall in my last 5k. As you can tell, it’s healing albeit rather slowly. There was a point last week that it wasn’t looking too good and I had to get serious with the care routine. I’d have hoped that by this point I’d have more new skin rather than his gaping hole in my knee. It’s painful, disgusting and it’s really brought me down.
Words are also important in a garden. They may make you smile or pause for thought and lettering is an art in itself.
He stands back to sigh
Possible: “Man or Muppet” and “Life’s a Happy Song” – Bret McKenzie and “Pictures in My Head” – Jeannie Lurie, Aris Archontis, and Chen Neeman (Original Song); Long Shot: Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller (Adapted Screenplay)
In case you need further convincing, this is the only sound sample I could scrounge up on the web. In keeping with the confusing history of this recording, someone has delayed the fuck out of one of the tracks and slapped it over some unrelated video of Thai dancing, apparently trying to pass it off as something they taped on their last vacation? Who knows. I think the original recording does quite nicely without the sonic tinkering, but here it is, for preview purposes only:
B5 Come With Us 2:38
These elements were reinterpreted in a new order:
Once upon a time I put up a few posts called "A Day in the Life," which consisted of pictures I took on a regular normal day. I guess I was trying to be artsy or something. On Wednesday I decided to do it again. I took a camera with me to work and got myself psyched up to take some pictures.
One of the big dangers is that one admits to guilt but there is not change. Repentance demands a change. David repentance drives him away from his selfishness. John the Baptist tried to explain this when he preached on repentance in Luke 3:7-14. Penance simply says I am guilty and I will start doing good works. Repentance says, there is no excuse, I am sinful to the core but I will throw myself own God’s mercy and begin to live as He commands, “To love the Lord my God with all my heart and my neighbor as myself.”
Fire - something that plagues all of us in these hot conditions at this time of year. You only have to hear a distant helicopter and we are sniffing the air and checking the horizon for signs of fire. Its actually quite a scary thing and something the Spanish dont seem to get too hot under the collar about.
nobody would choose the bad things
No wait, I am.
into another room and work on my album I can
Forcing the use of the lazy eye
to all the Earth
The corporate suits still controlled the game
In GA we visited , Coca Cola museum, Toured CNN studios, ate great food at Plates and Buckhead club. Centennial Gardens welcomed us with Butterflies and Birds of Pray show.
In eggshell hallways, calls, propels
Troy Perry (Troy): I remember my dad and granddad watching porn movies. They would tell me to close my eyes during the X-rated scenes, but I would peek through my hands to watch too. So I was exposed to it at a really young age. Then when I was around the age of 13, I remember finding a magazine. I took it and hid it under the mattress.
and my adorable Granddaughter. I was doing a photo shoot
This was a really tough thing to do, thinking of myself as the Head Honcho and laying down a blueprint of a company or a call to arms to others under my commnad. I do not want to steer a boat loaded with people who want to be steered by me. I want to be on my own, doing my own thing, irresponsibly. I have been Head Honcho of my family for as long as I remember and it was finally good in the last few years to say, now I do things for myself. This did not mean I would take on the reins of a company, even my own. Running a home is like being in charge of a company, a industry, and I just don’t want it anymore. I want to lead a free and unfettered life, not be responsible for anything but my own life, I do not want to be dependent nor have dependents. Of course, I am always there for my family and friends should they need me, but I am more of a loner. I like my time and space to myself, which being the Head Honcho of any company cannot give me.
Then I started reading up on it, and woah! Not only is that stuff edible, but it has huge health benefits too. But first I had to go and find one, so I said to Eddie the Beagle, I said: "Eddie, we're on a mission!". So I put my shoes on, donned my camouflage gear, explorer helmet, butterfly net and hunting rifle, put my trusted hunting beagle on his lead and stepped through my front door into the great wilderness. It took me a total of about 10 seconds before I spotted the first one simply growing out of our own wall!
Nearby is the kiddie pool, which is near the boardwalk and exit to the beach. The older kids are permitted to leave the facility and walk along the boardwalk or swim in the Atlantic. They are stamped on their shoulders with an invisible ink that shows under a purple ultraviolet light, which proves they are members when they return. Under the boardwalk wait their friends who do not have the money to enter. They position themselves back-to-back and rub the stamp onto their buddies’ shoulders so they are allowed in.
how did i survive this long without you?!
He desireth to shew openly herein, that He is God by Nature, since one must needs deem that He Who came forth from God the Father, is surely God also, not having the honour from without, as we have, but being in truth what He is believed to be. With exceeding skill does He say this, having joined therewith the love of God the Father to us, well and opportunely coming to discourse thereon. For He shames the unbelieving Nicodemus, yea rather, He shews that he is ungodly also. For the not coming readily to believe, when God teaches anything, what else is it, than laying upon the Truth a charge of falsehood? Besides this, in saying that He was given for the life of the world, He persuades him to consider seriously, of how great punishment they will be in danger, who from their mad folly, have made of no account so wondrous grace of God the Father. For God, says He, so loved the world that He gave His Only Begotten Son.
~CHRIS MATTHEW SCIABARRA, visiting scholar, department of politics, New York University, and author of Ayn Rand: The Russian RadicalMs Mercer, by the way, is a South African who migrated to the US, so she knows all about the difficulties of setting up in a new country.
Mixed materials; Mortared mexican pebbles, cut limestone and vegetation. If the latter wasn't there, it would look hard.
1/2 avocado
13. Road Ladies
after Blue I, II, III by Joan Miró
two suspects confessed
Terry”Geezer”
that wrapped your soul
There was three pages of that kind of stuff not including the four or five other online assessments including advanced numerical reasoning (math geekery - which is greater? 1/59-1/95 or 1/37-1/73), pattern analysis (think Rohrshach ink blots meets Sesame Street "which one of these is most like the other"), personality inventories, etc. It was an evening of fun and self discovery for the whole family. Not really...it did take the whole evening...by myself...in the office. It was like taking the GRE and LSAT all over again...with the full knowledge that someone was going to use the information to make a recommendation about my "suitability".
I think you should name those rats Jimmy and Cagney cause "you dirty rats" is best said in a Cagney sneer.
The simple truth is that there are a very large number of books being pigeonholed into a small list of broad category genres.
Have you ever stopped to think of the significance of those two phrases that are nearly burned into the brains of Olivetians?
consulting the star signs, the astrology of the
My den is in the garden of the place occupied by MHM. This is my place. Only MHM goes there, only MHM is allowed in there. He is the Alpha in this territory.
There are many things on my mind as I pack, now at the end of an intense week in Cambodia, ranging from intense strategic discussions, inspiring and humbling accounts from our programmes and a harrowing backdrop of the all too recent genocide in the Khmer Rouge years. Captain Paranoia is still with me constantly, but the events of the week have meant that he has had to compete for my attention.
Yep. I’m sure they think that’s ok, at least.
I am currently sitting in the Detroit airport waiting to board my final flight and I am EXCITED! As are the rest of the team! My flight from Seattle was smooth and uneventful, unlike my trip through the border. But all is well that ends well. One day I will remember to NOT wear my drama queen boy shorts when crossing the border. UGH!
Our tummies were still upset so I had the genius idea of grabbing breakfast at Pizzafari. We weren't going to use a counter service meal for that day so it worked out. Barbara and Ben got the Bounty Platter as did Matt, only he gave away his meat. They all found it really filling and liked the french toast the best. We all agreed that the potatoes were seriously amazing. I got the Spinach and Goat Cheese Frittata and it was okay but a little on the small side and sort of dry. Not bad, but not great. The potatoes had me craving more, though. A cast member noticed Barbara's birthday button and surprised her with a cupcake! I don't care if it was only 10:30 a.m. Cupcakes are welcome anytime.
Wertham is great fun to lampoon, but the question remains: What about Batman and Robin encourages someone, anyone, to read in sex?
A6 Asocial - Rustning Är Mord
1 unchanged
Super Self-luminal saucers flying in the sky
"You are the best girl ever, ever."
A similar process has affected Amerindian farming peoples in the tropical New World, but not to the same degree. Among the Yanomamö, an agricultural people of Amazonia, 10 to 20% of all men have more than one wife at any time (Hames, 1995). They are thus more polygynous than non-tropical Amerindians but not as polygynous as tropical Africans. Their bodies likewise don’t show the same degree of robustness. Despite living in the tropics for millennia, they still look remarkably Arctic-adapted. As Holliday (1997, pp. 425-426) notes:
*Stori Rose rolled from her back to her front today! SDR was selling his plasma when it happened so he was pretty bummed that he missed it.
But is that the sort of brand recognition that Abbott Laboratories craves? And does it translate into sales? When I want/need a prescription drug for pain, my physician typically writes a scrip based on his recommendation. Lately I've refrained from asking, "Doc, my brand of choice is Vicodin" or, alternatively, "I'd like a scrip for the stuff that works so well for House." (Perhaps I need to take greater charge of my own medical destiny.)
Easy Whole Roast Chicken
Honestly, if anyone should be called out for pitchiness, it’s Philip. But the judges said nothing about it. Nada..zero. Now, I love Philip and I actually really liked this performance, particularly with the brother in law playing guitar and joining in with harmony. But he was under the note a lot…. and by the way… not for the first time. We have accepted that with him, as part of the gruff growly character of his voice…. Dylan-like. In this performance, though, it was more blatant, and I feel that if they are calling out Elise, they should have called Philip out too.
After the spacing is tweaked, I begin working the ribbon into the branches of the tree. This is where you will be very happy you have wired ribbon! You want to make it look flowy - not too contrived - but also balanced. This is not an easy task, so give yourself lots of time. And keep stepping away from the tree to see how it's coming. (You will be doing a lot of this. Count it as your workout for the day.)
'I don't know how I'm going to decide this,
Find the author online:
He told the website: ‘The bank told me that the auction had been postponed until May 7 and I told them that Nadya had filed for bankruptcy, which I think they already knew.’
Voters are due to go to the polls on Thursday May 3 to vote in the local elections and mayoral referendum in Leeds.
My friend, you would not tell with such high zest
At that point someone mentioned something about exchanging cards instead of gifts, cause some of us are short on cash, and most of us really don't want to spend that much time in the mall anyway. We had discussed doing this last year too, but we didn't really discuss it early enough for me, and I was already knitting things for two of them. And I didn't want to just exchange cards after I was already either buying or knitting things for some of them. And then I wasn't sure if I should just give the gifts I already had planned and give the others just cards. That didn't seem fair at all. So we ended up having the regular gift exchange and decided to talk about just exchanging cards the next year.
1 emphasized
He took his book and went to the solarium to read, it was part of their morning ritual. It wasn’t the same now that she was gone. He missed the way her skin felt, how soft it was. Now her skin was ashen and leathery. Now she looked like death.
Q - All non-magical light-bearing devices the character carries disappear.
Um if I am not mistaken, last time I checked Cinco De Mayo is not a national holiday here in the United States of America. If I recall it is a Mexican holiday celebrated in Mexico for their win in a war against the French. This is utter bullshit that we as American citizens have to now honor and respect other country’s holidays and embrace them as our own. I say to hell with the other country’s holidays, if you want us to respect yours, RESPECT OURS DAMN IT!
RT
“The music industry has changed tremendously over the years,” explains EVERLAST. “This album is particularly important to me to help express the current chaotic human condition we’re all dealing with. With this in mind I made the decision to take control of the situation and start my own label. Songs of the Ungrateful Living is the first album on Martyr Inc. Records in partnership with EMI. Musically and lyrically, this album reflects the diverse musical explorations and personal ebb and flow that I have experienced in recent years.”
So yes, I had to pay for both doctor visits (which will be partially refunded), and one of the vaccinations was not covered at all by the national insurance (nor was the malaria medication), but I don't even want to think about how much any of this would have cost in the States.
"I don't remember how to ride a bike," I whined like a little girl, to match my pink bike with a basket.
Because i have been monitoring her myspace, facebook, and formspring I am acutely aware of her conduct and am afraid she is not exactly the 'nice girl' I thought she was. Her swearing and threatening language were a considerable disappointment. But more than that, it was horribly sad for me. naively I want to say, "she's screaming out for her folks attention," but intellectually, I think that teenage girls are horrible monsters, each one to some degree and there is nothing I can do to protect her from herself.
In our day Jesus would have just looked in all the places where people were not the most educated, most liked and were not sort out for. He would have strolled into the places where no one would have gone. I could just imagine him strolling across the park near the rough areas with the down and outs and the uneducated people and calling them to follow him dropping everything. I think that this may have been one of the reasons why they were so quick to follow him. They had already been rejected and told they were no good but someone chose them.
Definitely bacon.
After reading them fully myself, I’ll be ready for a response in a future article. From what I know of this, the Occupy Movement is not the only portion of things. I think the author may be missing the point, but again, this is right now conjecture on my part. My response will entail more evidence.
Yes, I would still like to sit down and treat my ‘enemy’ Bloggers to a meal if the opportunity ever arises. They are still my friends even though we are on opposite sides of the political divide. Tan Sri Sanusi Junid can testify to this (he knows what I am talking about). We can do battle in the gelanggang politik (political arena), but outside ‘office hours’ why can’t we sit down and buy each other a drink and act civil towards each other?
Now, with regret, we need to sell our property and move on. The credit crunch has hit us badly and, although we have no mortgage, we have to raise some money to invest in our business to keep us going. We have put the property on the market at the very cheap price of 295,000 euros to encourage a quick sale. You will not find a comparable property at this price in the region.
Step 3: Using the pitchfork, I carefully work in a circle, prying up the bulb. Once it feels loose, I gently pull the base upward, revealing the bulb and the wild mass of roots. At this point, I will shake off the excess dirt. You may notice that your main bulb might have smaller bulbs attached. Do not separate these at this time — that task will be much easier in the spring when you replant your bulb.
You know I dream in color
It seems so obvious now. Refocus the angst inherent in the emo genre, turning it from heartbreak to, well, other things. "Sic Transit Gloria... Glory Fades" is a brooding, bass-heavy rock song lamenting the psychological tolls of sex. "I Will Play My Game Beneath The Spin Light" details the strain constant touring places on personal relationships. And because, let's face it, the scene's fans and even the bands themselves tend to be slightly narcissistic, "Okay I Believe You, But My Tommy Gun Don't" sarcastically smacks them down. Brand New still has a tendency to rely on loud power-chord driven screaming choruses that predictably jump from the verses, and a few songs don't come close to standing up to the others, most notably "The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows," and the song titles walk the fine line between wit and verbosity masquerading as wit, but that's not exactly a point against the record, is it?
Sarah is based in Washington, and I am in London. It’s a very elegant set-up in terms of English Language representation.
And I thought, OK, now seriously, I totally HAVE to do the tie post. So I go running downstairs with my camera and the cutest belt I can find because at this point, I am completely committed to modeling the latest in tie-curtain-dress fashion, and it turns out that at some point during the last move, I THREW THEM AWAY.
"Because you wouldn't obey me and took Uriah's wife for yourself, your family will never live in peace. Someone from your own family will cause you a lot of trouble, and I will take your wives and give them to another man before your very eyes. He will go to bed with them while everyone looks on. What you did was in secret, but I will do this in the open for everyone in Israel to see."
Meaning: The praised one
Thank the person who nominated me.
FINALLY! A TTM!!! I was pretty sure the mail would slow down after the AFL, but I never imagined HOW slow it would become!!! Anyway, I big one back this week. Josh Hamilton!!! I had read that he usually waits until after the season to sign, and I can only imagine why...he probably gets a million letters and requests every season. I am glad that he took the time to ready my letter and sign my card!
But will he really survive if the happiness of the protagonists depends on him not surviving? Ushikawa keeps the novel from becoming too cut-and-dry towards its inevitable conclusion, and I felt that his sections allowed the reader to see the world of 1Q84 from the perspective of a true outsider.
Good wine, well balanced with a long finish – 89/100 points.
So I don’t need to tell you the problem is a bad one. The question — your question — is what to do about it. Actually we all know what to do about it: eat less sugary foods. The question is how to find the willpower to do this when sugar is everywhere and the emotional strains of life push us so consistently into its orbit.
First off, there is Carl Jung a quiet man who believes he and Freud should move forward in their field going so far as to help patients rise above their problems. Then, there is Freud himself (played marvelously by Viggo Mortensen) who believes their duty is to diagnose the problem, nothing more. Finally, there is Sabina a woman seemingly born with sadomasochistic desires (she enjoyed being spanked by her father at the young age of five), but because of this strives to help others in the psychoanalytical field.
I posted a similar picture on Photos by Senior Hiker a couple of days ago, but it’s still hot here on the Plateau and the subject is appropriate for Watery Wednesday, so you’re getting another picture.
Repeat offenders here will recall I’m no huge fan of wits, but anything new from Sam Adams is worth a try in my book. This one has a distinctly berry smell that is faintly like a breakfast cereal. Pours cloudy gold color with a decent white head, medium beading and medium lacing. The standard witbier spices (that I often detest) are there but they are mitigated if not complimented by the faint blackberry finish. Good stuff.
Bulgarka to respond rather oddly to one line in "You're The
So perfect you seemed carved out
Now, take 150g or so of vacuum-packed or tinned, cooked chestnuts and chop them coarsely. Add to the mushroom mixture. Then add the lentils. Then pour in 100ml of sour cream and stir well. If the mixture could do with a little more liquid, top up with any reserved stock.
Everyone safe.
The movie chronicled the activities of the children of Birmingham, Alabama in May of 1963 who decided that they were tired of being treated like second-class citizens. The Civil Rights movement, under the direction of Rev.Dr. Martin Luther King Jr, was well underway, and another organization, the Congress of Racial Equality, under the direction of James Farmer, was also making waves in the Jim Crow South.
I turned my Altima onto Pope St. pulled into the driveway and left it there for three months. I didn’t wanna drive that thing. I could already tell by the 7′s and 8′s walking along Thames that I wouldn’t want to get out of here. I walked into the second floor of that crapshack looking building to find disregarded furniture, three unkept beds and walls painted to cover plaster, holes and old green wallpaper. It was 800 for the entire summer. You get what you pay for. I walked into the small bedroom and dropped my belongings. This twin sized bed sitting atop two box crates would be mine for the next three months. In the corner of the room, left there like a wink from God himself, a pair of black panties with pink hearts and a condom wrapper like some girl wanted the rail one last time that day -hands against the wall taking every inch and angry thrust this mystery guy could give her. The mystery girl’s panties and a used condom wrapper, how fate loves to make one laugh with it’s harbingers and teasing treasures.
And the third one, my daddy's recipe for Sand Crab Chili...don't let the name scare you. There are no sand crabs in the chili...Daddy was from Pensacola, FL and felt it was just a fun name for it!
p42 “Broadly speaking, the entire life of the ordinary man is nothing but a makyo.”
Because @ is the first character there, only people who follow both me and @mypretenddog will see that on their home pages. If I start with any other character, all my followers can see it:
of what life throws their way. Using cosmetics and specialty
This will be my fourth year teaching. I taught half-time, half-day Kindergarten in Washington, taught 1st grade my first year in Alaska, and Kindergarten last year (after 5 days with my firsties) and am teaching Kindergarten again this year.
Me: Would you go to a stable with me? If I suddenly became obsessed with horses? Even if we had to get up at eight in the morning and drag the kids? Even if it was the last thing you wanted to do?
They definitely think when you move to San Francisco you basically start liking people of the same sex, turn into a Democrat and a Vegan and try to “bring down America”. Really, you just eat a lot of cioppino and sourdough, complain about how cold it is and marvel at the sheer amount of coffee shops that aren’t Starbucks. It’s a great town. Nothing to be a afraid of.
The writers are throwing weird plots and stereotypes at the viewer as if they were on sale.
There seemed to be a ray of hope yesterday when comedian Ian Fox told me Tesco cash dispensers in Manchester issue £5 notes and journalist Jay Richardson told me you can get £5 from machines in Glasgow. But, last night, I tried Tesco cash machines in SE London (Lewisham) and NW London/Hertfordshire (Borehamwood). Nope. They don’t dispense £5 notes. Nor do Sainsbury machines in Greenwich (SE London) or London Colney (NW London).
My afternoon drive home these days ends in twilight and during my solitary morning run, I can feel the chill in the air and the dance of the first fallen foliage around my feet, when the breeze picks up.
Sesame Calamari
Oh dear a valid argument. So a plan needs to be made. Her car has no petrol so she will have to hitch into town. She has done this many times before, but never at this time of day. Walks briskly down the road towards the end of the village where all the hikers stand. But a mere block from her house she hears a car coming behind her and sticks out her thumb and voila she has a lift to town.
It is watching a child struggle to pick up his or her head, sit,
So when a fellow blogger offers you a little help up the ladder along the way you jump at the chance. Don’t you? If this sounds like you–read on. Thank you fellow blogger Hart Johnson–aka Watery Tart (Confessions of) for this headsup.
“I bought you a dress for the formal want to see.”
I didn't pick out the other parts of the kitchen, but picture a mammoth stainless undermount sink with a curved chrome faucet. I'll keep my black stove because it was a gift and thus is very special to me. Plus I think the black would fade into the background instead of competing for spotlight with the floor the way stainless would. I would replace my fridge and dishwasher with updated versions, also in black. A bamboo Roman shade on the window that's a lighter and more golden than the cabinets. And a few more pieces of Le Crueset in flame to add to what I have to jazz things up even more. Because, you know, I'm all about a jazzy kitchen.
I’m sorry to say so but, sadly, it’s true that Bang-ups and Hang-ups can happen to you.
Note the final sentence: "It is an important part of the Jamaica Bay estuary system".
41 Animal Farm – George Orwell
Just as He holds me
My husband and I have a little joke going that if I ever left him, it would be for a jar of tahini. Sad, but (nearly) true. Luckily my marriage allows me to enjoy the best of both worlds – my main man and my tahini boyfriend on the side. I am sure I’ve canonized the stuff quite enough here on the blog, but since I’ve never delved into details about tahini, I think this opportunity is a perfect one.
I don't really use this to remove my eye make up with as I'll normally use either my Cleanse & Polish or some make up wipes but I love using this as an alternative to my Eyebright. It's very cooling and refreshing and sometimes my eyes do get tired and red. This soothes the skin down and makes them look wide awake. It's a cheaper alternative to the Eyebright.
Similar protests were announced across dozens of US localities and in countries ranging from Spain to Australia.
630 D-VII/29/1972. “Discipline and Liberation: On Euripides’ Medea.” Barat College Conference, Lake Forest, Illinois.
Cost so far: 3609 gold + 2175 Justice Points + 12000 Honor Points
The Anti-Apartheid Movement: Most Successful Stalinist Popular Front
Marvel has revealed a new "Spiderman" that is half Black and half Hispanic. He can still climb buildings but now he leaves behind graffiti. (Racist? I'd say so)
Saturday morning came and we were in no rush to get to Atlanta so we took our sweet time. For some reason in my mind, I didn't think it would be too crowded. In my strange mind because it was Dec 11 and the train had been there since Oct 29, everyone else had probably gone already. We got there at 11:00, bought our tickets (we decided to get the double ride) and waited in line for TWO HOURS. The last time I waited in line for something for two hours, I was a teenager at Six Flags. This time was a tad different because we had a TWO YEAR OLD WITH US! It was a battle to keep her happy but between the two of us, we kept her pretty content. We let her run around a little. Play on our phones a little. She did very well considering.
This will be the third year of this course offering at WKU, which won the 2010 “Creativity and Innovation Award” from the North American Association for Summer Programs.
Erster Po Boy. As we were here during late August, the oysters weren’t at their prime and I thought they were deep fried a bit too much. Essentially a fried shell that tasted a little funky. We should have gone for the shrimp, apparently.
And then the strangest thing of all happened, and has been happening ever since!
I realized I've never shared our laundry room with you, mainly because there's not much to it- it's a small space with just enough room for the washer, dryer, overhead cabinets, and a nice granite sink. I hadn't done anything to make it pretty since moving in and decided this weekend to fix it up. I shopped the house to find a Home Goods mirror ($20), an old potted orchid (Pier One), and some scripture wall plaques that my best friend gave me years ago.
I'm sure that if you have been hopping along - you have seen a number of Sweet 'n Sassy's very cute images. I also have a Label down the left side of my blog that says "By: Sweet 'n Sassy". If you click on that you will see all the other cards that I have made.
Dearest Jacob,
In order to determine if the tumor is benign or cancerous, surgery is necessary. If the tumor appears to be small from the imaging tests, then a procedure known as laparoscopy may be used.
"These people can't even wrap up genocide," Coulter writes. "We've been hearing about this slaughter in Darfur forever -- and they still haven't finished.
As I looked around because I couldn’t help laughing, I realized that those around me were laughing, too. It was a great start to my weekend!
At the very least, I believe there is Real Presence, which should always be respected.
"I dreamt we got more pets."
In my intermittent quest to catch up with books, specifically interesting series books, that have been sitting on the to read stack for more than a year, I picked up: Adrian Tchaikovsky’s, Dragonfly Falling a couple of weeks ago. The result of this particular ‘quest’ in the form of my review can be read below:
At last, Your Treasure is our own.
7 don
I've been lusting over this brand for quite some time because of their creativity and controversial designs. It really brings out the street fashion of Los Angeles with a sense of punk and electro.
In terms of the web design I give Rhapsody the prize for finding albums, but Rdio the gold ring for social networking.
Hell, who knows – maybe we’ll even have actual waking sex this weekend.
One thing that hasn’t been here at the farm is much in the way of rain. That, and a dearth of snow this year, means the ground is a lot dryer than normal. We’ve done some improvement to the soil – lime in the fall and manure in the spring. But the grass isn’t growing very quickly yet up here or anywhere in our neighborhood up here on the hill.
But you want to have relationships online with many more. So how are you going to do that?
i chose to create my version using the new tapes i received. these are so beautiful, have beautiful patterns and adhere beautifully to a piece of cardstock.
last day of community CSA share
This month I have shared quite a bit of breastfeeding information and opinions from breastfeeding experts or moms with experience. I'd like to share a story from a mom-to-be that is planning to breastfeed. Jennifer formula-fed her first daughter, but is now looking forward to trying breastfeeding with her bundle-to-be. Her goal is to breastfeed exclusively for the first 6 months.
Len called her a midwife – she keeps delivering week after week. Bruno said the marriage between Brazil and Funkytown has never been more exhilarating. Carrie Ann called it amazing.
I just adore this white & black butterfly poster by Eva Juliet, and I am seriously thinking it would be a great piece to have on the wall in our bedroom. It would be pretty, hung low and just behind my bedside lamp, by my table... What do you think?
Tomorrow (rather today if you wish since it's after midnight) is the first day of the rest of our lives. Day one on our road to help F. Her treatment plan or "prevention" plan as you will since there really isn't a treatment, starts at 3:00pm. Beginning with day one of intensive therapy. I'm not sure I'm mentally prepared. I'm nervous, will she be scared? Will she be in pain? Will she hurt tomorrow night after this all? I don't know what to Expect and we get to do this 3 times a week indefinitely. That's not including everything else we have to squeeze in for her all week. Every week.
Sunday is Mother's Day. I want to take this opportunity to say "Happy Mother's Day" to all the mothers. My children and my hubby always make that day very special for me. I am looking forward to it.
So this begs the question. This damaged man with a willing heart and a lighter outlook, where does he go? Where would he like to journey to? Somewhere outside of Arizona? Maybe the PNW? I don’t know, neither does he. But considering all the horrendous torture I’ve put myself through in my life, and the anguish that inflicted me after my divorce, I feel like anything is possible.
Acute in parallel
Dies: Star Border, Out of This World st/3, Limitless Layers Ovals
I like this beer. It is what it purports to be--and nothing else. Crisp and light, it has a little bit of a sweetness to it that I wish it didn't have, but otherwise this is a nice and easy-drinking beer.
So my hope for the next fest is a little less Bourbon and a more lower strength winter warmers. So far the beer I have liked most recently was a fresh Winter Solstice from Anderson Valley - such a lovely and subtle beer with just the right hint of spice. I hope local brewers will back of the big-is-better kick and start to rediscover, once again, the subtle, drinkable winter beer.
Everyone's heard I&P enough, and probably actually enjoyed it more times than they care to admit- But we don't need to hear it again anytime soon, do we..?. Here's what the kids also got in 1967 when they bought it. The Strange, yet catchy, "Birdman Of Alkatrash." It is what it is, but it's actually kind of a fun song, but i'm biased because i actually dig this hippy trippy goof ball psychedelic crap. I think it's a real hoot.
That's where we wanna go
When I set out to compile my list I thought first of fantasy and second of adventure so most of my picks are more fantasy with elements of adventure. After all, it is one of the easiest lines to blur. So enough foreplay already. What are your top ten? OK. Settle down. Here they are in chronological order. Check back in at the end of the week for the Chronicle staff’s tally of their top picks in this exciting genre.
In reality, he could care less, all he wanted to eat is
C: Fundamentalists are to Catholics as California drivers are to Montanans. Yes, that is my name. My name is C. As for “f**king moron,” that’s not D’s name.
Given Wolstencroft’s track record for challenging cinema, it’s not surprising he’s a one-man production machine, directing MUFF later in the year and participating in numerous film projects. “I’m making my new film The Second Coming, which is an adaption of a poem by William Butler Yates, and…I’ve got my new film The Beautiful and the Damned…that’ll be coming out later in the year on DVD.”
Monday: Polenta with Spaghetti Sauce, Baby Green Salad
I take writing materials with me when I travel because I often don't bring my computer. I have a collection of old marbled-cover composition books, the kind with the pages all sewn in and the space on the front to write the subject of the class you're using it for. Some of them have lines, but my favorite are the unruled, with just blank pages. They're all leftovers from school, but I hate wasting stuff like that, so I flip forward to the blank pages at the end, wherever I'd left off the last time I was note-taking or doodling or jotting something. I used to carry a tiny little Moleskine, but it was too small and I went through the pages too fast -- convenient for throwing into a bag, but inconvenient for actually writing or sketching or doodling on! Do you write or type? Type, type, type. I can't write fast enough to keep up with the words in my head. I'm a very fast typer, and I vastly prefer to type. When I write by hand, my hand and arm cramp up and I lose my next thought in the time it takes me to finish jotting down the first one. I have erratic illegible handwriting and I switch randomly between print and cursive, sometimes word by word or between letters. I'm also an obsessive-compulsive saver -- I click save every paragraph or so when I'm typing, but there's no save on a notebook and I have no outlet for that tic. Once I drew a save button at the top of a page and tapped it with my pen while I was thinking. Probably not something I should share with the public at large. Plus, I worry about how easy it is to lose a notebook with hours of work in it, while I back up all my electronic files on the cloud so even if my computer crashes I can access them anywhere. But I do write longhand when I travel or I'm away from my computer, and it is a good challenge, mentally, to both overcome my tics, and to keep my thoughts organized and flowing even with the slower rate. Oh, and it definitely helps with word economy.
We got to see some incredible acrobats from China. I held my breath nearly the whole time because I truly couldn't believe what I was seeing. Here are some of the crazy antics. (I'm translating from Chinese.)
Democratic strategist Hilary Rosen stepped in it last week when she said Ann Romney had not “worked a day in her life.”
Again, he sat there very thoughtfully and asked, "Why couldn't she keep me?" Wow, how do you answer that question? So I told him, "I'm not sure buddy, because she was in China and I was in America, so we never met. But I am sure that she loved you, and she wanted to make sure that you came to live with us."
16. Anita Morris (Nine)
What's the scene like in New York and more generally throughout the U.S.? Any cool bands you think people should check out?
You may be asking - how do I do that? How do I make those decisions? Here is a list of questions I ask myself when decluttering. They help me choose quickly and decisively
Non-traditional outlets:
D1 Evening Star
Ever since I started wearing it last June I have literally worn it every day since. Even though it's comfortable in comparison to the other binders I have, if worn for longer than 6 hours it will start to cause acid reflux and my shoulders/upper-back start to really ache. After longer than 10 hours, I will literally start to feel sick - so I started to wear it in classes and then, while wearing a baggy jacket, will switch to the T-Kingdom M801 for a chest break'ish.
It’s a good thing he went. We have the conversation that perplexes people who resist God and do the theological and logical ducking and diving. They talk about the Christians as the “born agains” as if that were a weird cult or strange aberration!
The Quality Of Recovery
Of course, the districts will rarely blame themselves at all. Certainly, there are hundreds of factors that contribute to poor public schools, ranging from economic conditions of the local families and general parental involvement to the fact that inner cities have seen a steady decline in the local tax base that funds significant portions of their school operating budgets. But the schools themselves are run very poorly: teachers rewarded for surviving instead of succeeding, poor teacher mentorship programs, lack of curriculum restructure to reflect the fact that most learning occurs outside the classroom, poor leadership from districts and principals, and unhelpful teacher and employee unions that resist accountability. Add to that a lack of a clear goal for why we even have a public education system (after all, mandatory public education is a relatively new construct) – is it for the good of the student, the good of the country, or the convenience of the parent? And then throw a diverse student and teacher mix on top of all that. It is no wonder that our schools are suffering.
I shake my head. “I know, those local kids are right bastards. If you think that you know who it is, I'll have a little word in their ear.”
Coat cake with a small layer of ganache. Place "stumps" on top. Continue coating with ganache and using a fork, create a bark effect.
Paul 'Kipper' Dickson - lead vocals, Hugh 'Bamber' McIlfatrick - guitar/vocals, Chris 'Cree' Tweed - guitar/vocals, John Henry - bass, Willis Beckett - drums.
I haven’t posted for a few days now – just life has a nasty habit of sneaking up and getting in your way – but things are beginning to feel like they are back on track again so I need to try and get back with the programme!
published by Woman’s Weekly, mostly crime. No, I don’t have that number etched on my brain – it’s just that last year a great opportunity arose to sell some of these serials on and it was in my interest to make a tally of them.
Our country needs to re-think the whole idea of "liberal arts education," if an honor student can't get a degree without a rigorous and completely irrelevant science class.
Anyhow, the statements:
I would have never sought to not only make my sermons cogent, intelligent and convincing, but beautiful, if not for the sermons and prayers of my grandfather and Reverend Nant Nan. Never would I come to value the power of turning frank, honest, and mundane stories of daily life into spirit-filled stories of God as found in the writing of Frederick Buechner and Anne Lamott if not for Max Blalock and Mary Bendall, who introduced me to these now great friends through their own preaching. From Deb Welsh I’ve seen in action the grace delivered with a well-told story. There’s a great chance that I’d never know the power and grace of a well-timed and well-placed pop culture reference if not for Matt Smith. Bishop Will Willimon teaches me the value of comedic timing in preaching. And perhaps most importantly, from my mother comes the always-echoing refrain of, “Tell them about Jesus, Johnny.”
In other related news, I’m painting up a solid 15pts Asphyxious list to start my crawl into the underworld, and another 15pts Circle Orboros list with zero, and I do mean ZERO official PP models. Stay tuned!
Here are some pictures: (I blocked out the faces because I am pretty sure my husband would not be happy about revealing his identity in a big rooster costume).
To understand the Life and Death of Jesus Christ requires a heart that truly has seen that the things of this world truly do not have any meaning in this “whole scheme of life”. Valuing what is UNSEEN requires a soul that is fully in tune with the God that created it. And that is exactly what Jesus Christ demonstrated on the Cross, at Calvary. There is no human logic on this earth that can reason out how THIS ULTIMATE ACT of UNCONDITIONAL LOVE could be done. (Which also demonstrates that UNCONDITIONAL LOVE, itself, is derived from Divinity.) Such a soul is not bound by the ways of this world, it is bound by the spiritual code that God guides them with…which is beyond the world ways. This soul, yearns, and only feels complete by following God’s Ways. And this can only be achieved by firmly knowing what to believe in.
i enjoy college. i enjoy the whole rush of getting ready in the morning, and then rushing to get out of the house, and rushing to get to college in time. i enjoy, on the rare occasions of arriving early, bumping into the randomest of friends and sitting down for gossips and updates and coffee. i like walking around and seeing friends everywhere that i don’t actually feel the need to avoid. i like the lessons. i like the fact that nobody around me talks about exams all the time, or worry about grades, or always seem to be reading educational materials. i like the fact that we can talk about clothes and take retarded pictures in class .. and next moment, start discussing karl marx theories and pros and cons of capitalism vs. communism.
I agreed with the first point. I have flat arches. Period. No amount of running & walking & Crossfitting in my Vibrams or Nike Frees are going to change that – believe me, I’ve TRIED and TRIED and TRIED. It’s just not in my anatomy. Without arch support, my foot caves inward & sets of a whole chain of badness from my arch all the way up to my hips. It’s not worth it, especially when all I have to do is plunk down $40-something for a pair of green Superfeet insoles.
I've always felt as though we should err on the side of preparing rather than protecting young people when it comes to life's challenges, especially when experienced in the pages of a book.
Event Deadline: 30 November 2011
& wait as bad calls
03 May 2011:A student burned his diploma outside the college in protest at lack of support and work opportunities
1/8 cup of potato starch
I didn't realize I had the number of exposures set for “16” rather than “12”, and I ended up with this funky overlapping on all of my images.
O’Reilly then pointed out that if Fox News’ Carl Cameron said the same thing about reporting on Obama, there would be an outcry from the liberal press, which even Quinn agreed with:
Always use updated anti-malware protection. Despite growing awareness of today’s Web-borne threats, many people still don’t use even a basic anti-virus solution and leave themselves vulnerable to infections, data loss and identity theft. You can download Panda Security’s award-winning Panda Cloud Antivirus software, which is completely free, here.
Where dinners are loud and full of laughter.
Underneath the crown is a 3-tiered topknot hairpiece; an identical wig is worn by the Tibetan monks when they perform certain lama dances depicting the Dakinis. Then the crown is tied on with black threads in three different places.
Some say it is lust
Until the last few sips, I was ok. But as I tilted the glass to my lips, I spotted a thick chunk of yeast at the bottom of the glass. I got the sip down, but my mind decided that the beer had become nasty. A couple of dry heaves later, the last half glass of La Bestia went into the sink, and I went off in search of something filtered.
Geekydaddy feels this difference in lifestyle acutely, and though we didn't speak of it directly, I tacitly gave him the weekend "off" kid duty by agreeing to him playing bartender. Once he knew that the house had a poolside bar he procured his mixology supplies and spent a good part of each day muddling up delicious beverages. To his credit he did spend the rest of the time playing with the kids in the pool. I knew this division of labor would leave me as the one to make sure the children were not dehydrated, hungry, overtired, over-televisioned or burning in the sun.
And then I won’t want to hit my personal “Self-Destruct” button anymore.
I go with comfort food.
There are different safety mechanisms that each country can implement, continues Kenett, citing Greece's financial problems and their impact on the European market as a whole. "Germany is so invested in Greece that they don't have an option other than to bail Greece out," he says, noting that if it had been able to see the extent of their dangerous connection with Greece, Germany could have opted to reduce its investments earlier.
GALICIA-GARCIA MD, GONZALEZ-TORGA A, GARCIA-GONZALEZ C, FUSTER-PEREZ M, GARRIGOS-GORDO I, LOPEZ-FRESNENA N, GRACIA-RODRIQUEZ RM, SANCHEZ-PAYA J. Vacunación de gripe en trabajadores sanitarios. Por qué se vacunan y por qué no se vacunan. (Influenza vaccination in healthcare workers. Why are some vaccinated whereas others are not?) Enferm Infect Microbiol Clin 2006; 24: 413-417.
I pressed Uloma for details then…I asked her how her parents reacted to the event of that night and she had coolly told me that it was “okay”. Her father had given her money to run some tests but declined her suggestion to take the matter to the police. He wanted the matter “contained”…a family affair.
He is an utter delight.
Jami: As soon as it happened. It was a really rough time for me, and I needed people to know. I tried to go on like everything was okay, but it was hard. People respond in different ways to miscarriage. Some see it as no big deal... like, "Oh, well". But others acknowledge it and are kind. Many just don't know or understand what it's like. It's a death. I have a friend who miscarried after I did... she told me she wishes she'd been more compassionate to me and admitted she just didn't understand until she went through it herself.
Cindy and Mishelle
were no angels watching
I am married to a wonderful woman named Abigail Ayres, we have been married for two years, and have been enjoying life. We met in Jackson Hole Wyoming, while working as river guides on the Snake River.There are currently no children in the picture, but hopefully they will come within the next couple years.
He was replaced with Molly, a cocker spaniel who would snarl and growl if you got too close. She went nearly as soon as she came. Miko came next, the poor black and white shih-tzu with an overbite; she was dumb as a bag of rocks. But she was sweet and I bawled my eyes out when we finally had to put her down 17 years later when I was a grown adult. Before she died, we got Maddie, the most precious puppy I had ever seen. She was a Wheaten Terrier, and eventually became frightened of almost everything, everyone, and everywhere. We put her on doggie Xanax, and that helped a bit. She was my dad’s best friend. Truly. We didn’t think we could ever replace her. Darby though, was leaps and bounds better than Maddie personality-wise. She was the best, and out of the blue, as a very young dog, got sick and died in my parents arms.
“Choice Publishing offer a choice of publishing packages:
You may find that you are in a relationship that you like and you live in fear of discovery---or you decide that you should tell the truth.
Coronation Street: Alison King (Carla Connor)
I’ve followed W. Chaser for quite some time now and its exciting to watch as he gets ready to launch his first novel. Recently, his informative posts about formatting a novel to fit e-book parameters have all made my list of bookmarks for future reference.
The recent Art of Fiction post about the loss of the Manchester Dutch Pancake House reminds me of one of my more depressing writing experiences.
Be prepared for what ever you say to be misunderstood, twisted and interpreted in a different way to what it was meant, either accidentally or deliberately to suit the bp’s emotions at the time.
The wait was definitively worth it. I almost immediately tried the E2 and I smoked a few more since. This is certainly a different Partagas. It is a fat cigar, being a 54 ring gage x 5.5" (140mm long), same size as the Romeo & Julieta Limited Edition Duke from 2009. More interestingly, it is not a usual Partagas.
It is not within my 'right' to judge another PERSON. I CANNOT know exactly 'who' that person really is, except based on my own 'mirror' image, right? I have not lived any life but my own.
“4.5 stars! Director Craig Allen Mummey lovingly directs an exceptional cast, and everyone shines… a youthful and sensitive Rebecca Ellis, an uninhibited Alyssa Sanders, a charming Doug Krehbel… Laura Russell’s sweet, shy Agnes provides the only maternal streak evident among the sisters, and Stephanie Mumford gives a lighthearted portrayal filled with uninhibited dancing.
moist with melted snow and winter rain?
Doors open at 18.00 and show starts at 20.00. Pick-up for purchased tickets will be at Harpa - Reykjavík Concert Hall.
Bush has always loved to make an unusual voice even
I love the crystal heart in the center, and I love it even more that my Mom made it for me, as a surprise. I also had a second garter to toss, which was a story itself. I bought a tacky NCSU adorned garter way before the wedding, forgot about it, then remembered the day of that I didn't have a garter to toss. My aunt stitched up a garter that afternoon with a red ribbon to toss instead. This one however is in Stephen's safekeeping!
It was very dark and cold. I decided to accept her offer to stay with her for the night. We had an early dinner in silence and then in the emptiness of my room she rose from the mists of my memory, Beautiful, charming, and so youthful, her laughter ringing in my ears like a thousand unheard melodies.
1) January Moms-two of them in particular- Tabitha and Lisa who jumped in and gave us money towards Stephanie's prom. Her ticket is PAID for. My heart is smiling, because my baby gets to go be a princess for a night because people have huge hearts.
Applying the same principles as set out above, Norris J considered that Perini’s lost chance of sale in respect of the Georgia-Pacific line was 25% on a speculative sale price of 2.157 million Euros.
It’s just a phase. They have to sleep eventually.
All people on earth accept that
I think so many of my brothers and sisters in Christ are living out there in oppression, and it’s because they don’t know that they are or they don’t ask for help from the Lord to be free or they aren’t persistent.
I mentioned to her about Oprah's Book Club and how books become successful. "Mom, you should send your book to Oprah." Of course, that's easy enough. (Pop goes my balloon!)
Last Tuesday afternoon I went out to get the mail after dragging my sorry butt out of bed. It was the usual collection of bills, sale papers, and assorted junk mail but there was one exception. It was a small, obviously computer printed postcard addressed only to the resident of my house. It had no return address and on initial inspection I almost threw it away on sheer instinct, that is until I glanced at what was written on the back.
Zombies Time of the season UK
And never getting a chance
While rewriting the book, I considered getting rid of the prologue but I kept it for three reasons: I wanted readers to experience for themselves the events that precipitated the story, it was the way I originally conceived it, and I loved the image of tiny footprints in the snow. The prologue might seem like a darling, a word used by William Faulkner to describe the parts we love but that have no real function in the story, and maybe it is. But Light Bringer is my work, my creation, and until I find a publisher, I can do whatever I want with it.
So much support and love across the miles came my way when I blogged my feelings through my fathers illness and ultimate death. During my knee and gall bladder surgeries I was overwhelmed by your concerns and good wishes.
Knowing myself pretty well, however, I predict that dieting will be a non-starter and will be replaced by the simple expedient of never again standing sideways on to a camera.
By the time I was finished, it was after 1:00 AM, and I was drained both physically and emotionally. I set up another litter box (fortunately there was an extra in the garage) with a water dish and deposited Van Gogh in the guest bedroom.
This weeks sponsor is our own Donna giving away two wonderful digi sets of your choice. And here comes the inspirational cards made by my so far very little team, but we do rock, don't we?
Show empathy. Often you will need to cover sensitive or distressing topics. Show some compassion for the subject without getting too emotional. Ask for permission before asking difficult questions, e.g. “Is it okay to talk about…?”
He’s been to the front door and back to the bedroom a dozen times already. Looking in the closet and pulling back the comforter. Breaking my heart with every “no daddy”.
How can my words offend you? They weren’t even words!
Emu Oil – From flightless ratite birds native to Australia and now factory farmed. Used in cosmetics and creams. Alternatives: vegetable and plant oils.
400g caster sugar
So I just noticed that there's no email address or way to contact me other than writing a comment or searching for my facebook page so I've added an email link. In the headed, "Email Me" is a link so you can send questions or whatever. I've also added on the right side, an easier way to follow me. You can now follow my email instead of having to create a blogger account or whatever that nonsense was. Hope this makes life easier! (first world problems)
Stepping inside the Salisbury Cathedral a neat little woman in a green sash honed in on me with a smile. "Would you like a leaflet? It's a little map with a suggested route. In-" her smile faltered. "English? Or...something...else?"
* I'm contemplating a trip to see my youngest sister in the fall. She lives in Washington. I only saw her at Christmas last year. This makes me sad. So the thought of a trip to see her intrigues me. I'm thinking of taking the train....trying something different. I'm thinking my mom and other sister should come along. I had a crazy weird dream about traveling in the train to see my sister last night.....must mean it is on my mind?
I feel… Guess? Yeah, I feel scared of going public and people recognising it is me who writes. It feels much more safe being only @gati_presumida or @TuLupus…
Yep, that describes me very well! I was hoping to go for one last girly day shopping today with a friend, but I had to cancel due to the cramp-like pain that I keep getting in my left thigh. It's very strange, very painful and comes at completely random moments when I'm either standing or walking and there is nothing to do but sit down quick, or else stand with legs clamped together to try to ease the pain!! Neither of which is very easy to do when out and about anywhere public!! It took me a long time to walk to the washing line yesterday as I had to keep stopping with the pains and take mouse-size steps with my legs crossed, like someone busting for the loo! So, here I am, slumped in front of the computer and having a bit of a whinge!! I expect the baby is pressing on a nerve somewhere, although I haven't had this with any of my other pregnancies. Each night I wonder if 'tonight will be the night' and I got all excited when I saw the full moon last night, but I'm still here!!
Two Tshwane Metro Council employees were asked to leave the Cabana Pub and Restaurant shortly after sitting down because "no blacks are allowed" in the restaurant.
I ‘met’ this guy on Match. I wasn’t really that interested in him. I was more or less bored, and he didn’t look like the worst option out there, so I agreed to go out with him.
Pasta with Sausage and Kale
One of my residents is dying.
If I asked you to describe South Park in three words and all three words are synonymous with disgusting, I know exactly how you feel. I spent years trying to understand why all of my friends were so obsessed with such a disgusting show. The problem with that statement is that though the show can be gross and raunchy, it is consistently brilliant. The show is littered with statements about society and humanity, attacking anything and everything. Ripe with parodies, nothing is safe when it comes to South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker. Every boundary has been or will be pushed. What some people don’t seem to understand, something I didn’t understand, is that South Park is not gross just to be gross (most of the time at least). The majority of their episodes and jokes are crafted to make a point. This truth permeates the basic plotlines and main characters of each episode and bleeds to all aspects of the show. Side characters, side plots, environments and backgrounds all weave together to help the writers make their point. The depths of the shows intelligence is unlimited and I will go on record in saying that for years now it has been one of the smartest, most poignant shows on television.
May 29, 2009. Hilda Fourie of Beeld newspaper reports from their Pretoria office that an 80-year-old woman on Thursday found the body of her murdered stepson in front of his smallholding garage in Mnandi, Centurion.
Lainey: "Cats have tails."
The conversation went something like this:
I think every equestrian makes the same pained face when they hear the phrase “no stirrups work.” It doesn’t matter what their discipline is, how long they’ve been riding, or their age. What’s more, nearly every rider I’ve ever spoken to will say without prompting that riding without stirrups has improved their seat, balance, and leg control when they receive the award of taking their stirrups back.
Tears are a language God understands.
If you plan on doing a bit of diy, get yourself a pack of straight pins. They're cheap and very worth it. Safety pins, though I love them, are no substitute. Get the longer ones; they stay in the fabric better. Plus, you can use the straight pins to pin your fabric into your carpet or corkboard, which may come in handy for you later.
It is estimated that every year 150,000 Jews leave the fold to marry out. 3500 years of Judaism cannot combat a ham sandwich or a McDonald cheeseburger. Why?
Now its turned upside down, and I’m sure its all my fault.
I also made Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Balls. I guest posted about them here. They are so good made with Coconut Oil! I also loved them dipped in dark chocolate!
– Cooperstown Collection Throwback Series
The tracks grew sparse—just a few tire tracks and joggers’ treads, along with lots of her own shoe prints—and twenty minutes later, she’d left civilization behind. No people. No cars. She blew out a breath to clean her lungs of city air, then drew in a fresh breath. Just as she started to relax, she caught a glimpse of a black car parked perhaps a tenth of a mile down a side pate. A city car. Usually the only people who ventured so far off the road were those driving sports or recreational vehicles, like SUVs or ATVs.
﻿﻿﻿The International Festival of Authors in Toronto was so fun! It was an honour to be invited and I was thrilled to hang out with so many amazing writers! The picture above was taken after I participated in a round table event with Nicole Lundrigan, Miriam Toews and Marina Endicott, moderated by Susan G. Cole. (Photo by Hilary McMahon, my agent, thanks Hilary!)
(Anne Rice's INTERVIEW WITH A VAMPIRE might be the one exception. But even at closer look, you can see that Rice didn't fall into that trap. Even though that novel is basically one long conversation, the vampire narrates scenes as if they were actually happening so there is sense of immediacy, action, and event plotting to carry the novel.)
Although I could do with a few less "Solid Gold" dance steps, but I guess that's the point, eh.
Wine: 2006 Chardonnay, Forrest Estate, Marlborough
My receipts label from the eighteen 25 printable for one sleeve of the folder,
I was sucking red wine out of the bottle at 10:30 on Mother's Day morning....I"ll save the full story for another day.
Say you have left your old town behind to start a new chapter in your life – college. Nobody from your hometown came with you, and you’re stuck with having to make new friends. Don’t worry, though, it’s easier than you think.
I have never given this topic a thought that who would be my favourite character in Harry Potter books besides Harry himself. Let me see what will be the result by the end of this post. I am excluding Harry here because he seems to be the favourite by default and it would be difficult to compare and select somebody else if he is also in the competition.
Darcy Edwards
What should we call G+casting in the stream? Comment below or chew the news fat with me in one of U_News’ regular on-air Hangouts at 11:00 am CST or 3:30 pm CST M-F. Or, chime in on one of our impromptu recorded discussions about the day’s news.www.gplus.to/komusarah . You can watch U_News live here. www.komu.com/streaming-newscast
Could she have done anything differently?
-Mitchell Parish
André LeBel, CEO, SOCAN (Canada)
It's that time of month again, so welcome to the Digicats Station on the January Rain "Prince Charming" blog train.
1 CUP OF FLOUR
Welly:" Hi Mom"
Me: "Well how do you pay for your gas?"
A recipe with a max of 3 ingredients can't be hard, right?
...The scheme carried out by the company defrauded government agencies and private developers of about $19 million, much of it tax money, Ms. Lynch said at a news conference. She was joined by officials from several other agencies to announce a deferred-prosecution agreement.
The last one I'm going to post for today was done with a simple airbrushed background--I only used one color (B14) because I really wanted the background to be subtle so that the elements would really pop.
The food thing is proving tricky though. I’m ridiculously hungry and getting frustrated about not losing any weight yet. Yes, I know it’s early days, but I’ve read the stories in magazines about women who have tried this diet plan or that slimming group, where they say: “I was so amazed when I lost 6lb in the first week! It was so easy!”
Ahhh so I'm now 27. It's just great, I'm so not worried about being older. Yet. There's more time for that later. I'm too busy feeling pretty great about where I am now (something I rarely do, and should do more!).
You can also follow the @BattleshipMovie Twitter feed for more coverage from the big event.
Wood County (April 2012) — Do you have an old car seat taking up space in your garage or basement? Safe Kids Wisconsin is providing a way for parents to drop off old car seats, free of charge, Saturday, April 28, across the state.
- Hey Tom, just need the loo?
I first came across this garden when I interviewed the owner, the renowned Australian interior designer Stuart Rattle, for the Sydney Morning Herald and Age newspaper's Sunday magazine. It was for story on city professionals who had moved to the countryside. He told me that when he first set eyes on the old dilapidated school house that would later become his home (above), it gave him something of an architectural shock. "I was expecting Howard's End," he confessed with a laugh, "but this looked like the World's End". But then he returned at twilight and in that shimmering golden light, the old house made his heart skip a beat. "I no longer saw the reality," he said, "but the fantasy."
4. With affiliate marketing you’ll probably want to sell many products at the same time to make the kind of money you want to make. Don’t try to start off this way though, learn how to do it by starting with one product. Once you’re making money add another product and keep adding until your income is at the level you want.
Every vehicle containing someone who looks like they might be a member of the religion of peace and a backpack.
Water, 3 bowls
Jermaine has been back in town, housed at the halfway house, since November 29th.
The seriousness of this matter of culture cannot be overstated. The vituperative attacks on secular culture that emanate from Afro-Caribbean Christianity in the UK are utterly reprehensible in light of the sheer rampant materialism that bedevils many black people inside and outside the Church and the wanton lasciviousness that takes place behind closed doors. It is one thing to be a hypocrite, but quite another to hector others loudly when you are less than clean in your own spiritual life before God. Even in writing this a post such as this, I am keenly aware of the areas in which I remain a work in progress. However, God has called some of us to speak up and speak out, and so I write this not in my own strength, but also knowing that I am not who I used to be and I am on a journey to becoming more than I am at this moment. Culture is one of the areas in which Bible-believing Christians are further down the road than ever before, but still no-where near where we are supposed to be.
“Here we are. Terminal three.”
This is the first post of my “State of the Race” series on competitive races in the state of Michigan. I am starting very purposefully with a race very close to my heart: Michigan’s First District. The “fightin’ first” as Stephen Colbert would say, is the largest district East of the Mississippi river, as seen below.
For those of you dedicated to surfing the web with Firefox, fear not because you have quite a powerful anti-time-wasting addon at your disposal. In fact, I would say LeechBlock gives you more options in terms of customizing which sites you want to block when.
Always be polite and professional. Do not demand anything from the publisher, such as “I wish to hear from you no later than May 1st or I will find it necessary to look for another publisher.” Instead, simply end the letter by stating, “Thank you for your consideration. If you require any additional information, please let me know. I look forward to hearing from you.” You will have your contact information on the letter-mailing address, email address, phone number-if the publisher feels the need to contact you.
Small families is the rule today. Husbands and wives refuse to take upon themselves the responsibilities of family life. Many of them do not care to be bothered with children. Yet this commandment given to Adam has never been abrogated or set aside. If we refuse to live by the covenants we make, especially in the house of the Lord, then we cannot receive the blessings of those covenants in eternity. If the responsibilities of parenthood are willfully avoided here, then how can the Lord bestow upon the guilty the blessings of eternal increase? It cannot be, and they shall be denied such blessings. President Joseph F. Smith
Beer description: You like the Beer and it has a good head. Any other descriptions of the beer? Color, Aroma or flavor? Maybe a little background on what a Tripel should taste like? A Comparison? Anything? Nope! You like it and it has a great head? Sounds like a night at Cat House.
And then she knew it was time to let go.
instead of an angel.
1 lb. catfish fillets
5. The craziest thing you've ever found in your car that perhaps wasn't yours?
You start out in the morning, determined to have your quiet time.
Here’s how to beat the pain naturally:
Tarts may be reheated in toaster.
Business Goals
next week i'll be in the city meeting with the heads of Bright Pink to see what kind of volunteer work i can do - but i still need your help and support with my race coming up in May! - any little donation will help - and i BEG for even just $5 - this money goes straight to Susan G. Komen to find a cure for breast and ovarian cancer! - i need funds and teammates for my run - PLEASE, yes i'm BEGGING, for a little support - it would me the world to me and more! - let's make it that our daughters will NEVER have to worry about this disease ever again!!!!!
The Henry Game ISBN: 1446453626; Delilah and the Dark Stuff ISBN: 0552547948; Mad, Bad and Totally Dangerous ISBN: 1446453669.
Hope you find a moment to join me on a regular basis as I reflect on this roller coaster ride we call “LIFE”, starting with…..
Well its Thursday and we have a new challenge for you over at D'Arcy's Diaries, this time we would like to see your project with D'Arcy on them as well as Buttons and Bows - how easy is that!
A couple things of note.
** Subscribe to this blog via Feedburner enter your email on the right. Make sure you confirm your subscription. ( counts as 3 extra entries) Be sure to leave 3 separate comments saying "I subscribed to your blog #1" and so on) Current subscribers count as well!
On August 19, I estimated I had about 90,000 words to go out of a 110,000 word novel. I have to keep changing estimates, though. Now I feel the book is probably closer to 120,000-130,000 words in length, and I'm about, maybe just a little over, halfway. I've completed over 70,000 words, so I have about 50,000 to 60,000 words to go. (I'm not sure this math adds up, but, what the heck.)
When it got about time for us to play and there we're many kids around, Fati went off with the kids and managed to round up some families! She's amazing.
I have a few more to tey before the night is over, so I have to run.
Children with autism usually do not respond to traditional methods of speech treatment where the child is asked “to do what I do, say what I say, or follow these instructions.” Sara Rosenfeld-Johnson coined the term “oral placement therapy” to describe special methods used by many SLPs to help children develop appropriate speech motor plans and gestures (See Reference: Bahr & Rosenfeld-Johnson, 2010).
Exploding in my face
Happy Birthday dear the greatest mother-in-law that I am so lucky to also be friends with
Rodrigo Duterte IV executes last remaining suspected drug pusher in Davao;
When I got there I explained to my stylist that I thought my hair was long and boring and just needed some help! She listened to my concerns and then went to work trying to give me the best haircut possible. As she finished styling my hair I was a little nervous, because I did not want my hair this short. However, now that I've had a few days with my new haircut, I think it is just the change I needed!
For those who aren't facebook friends or real life friends, short version of what's going on. My mom had a major stroke on March 29, her left side is paralyzed and it pretty much killed off her entire right side of the brain. She was still alert though that Tues and Wed and we thought OK that's a good sign. Little did we know that would be the (currently) last time we would see her that alert. Thurs she started going downhill, and by Friday afternoon she was non responsive and what we know now, basically in a coma. She stayed that way through the following Tues, which the doctors finally did another CT Scan. Come to find out she had another stroke over the weekend, this time on the left side of her brain. Thankfully it wasn't major. When you have a stroke, the brain swells, and pushes against the good part of the brain, thus causing it to lose function as well. She had major swelling on the right side, and slight swelling on the left side. Tuesday the doctors told us that she'd most likely only live a few more days. She was deteriorating rapidly and nothing seemed to be getting better. She spent that entire weekend in AFIB and that is what caused the two strokes.
9.Push It Fast!
I looked around, saw no shelter,
and then she got to work.
grayest of gray-suited office buildings:
There was some fun in the character of Miss Silver. She is the detective, an elderly woman who knits. She is quirky, fun and witty, so for me she makes the book interesting. After I finished I am still not sold on all mystery but I will try again.
So sorry guys – I wrote this late last night and forgot to hit “publish”!
The thrill of the till clanging shut on twenties. Notes not coins. This is the man who’s lived a bit. Driven to Spain with ducks in the back. Not much gets him going.
Daniel’s green eyes rolled. “If you can manage it without fainting, help them get their stuff moved into their space, and I’ll go pick up some sandwiches or something.” ~
What do you like least about your job?
PA: It’s spaghetti squash and Texas Chainsaw Chili. Try it. You’ll like it.
magnificent L'Hotel Des Invalides - buriel place to Napoleon Bonaparte
SASQUATCH!
74. Wear a bathing suit with out dying on the inside.
A matter of (weeks?) ago, I put up a post about stories you may have written yourself that were of an adult nature. There was a reason for this question and I think now is the time to divulge my secret little blog!
Where: 7232 Wynnwood Houston, TX 77008
Visit Barry White’s website:
That night, telegraph communications around the world began to fail; there were reports of sparks showering from telegraph machines, shocking operators and setting papers ablaze. All over the planet, colorful auroras illuminated the nighttime skies, glowing so brightly that birds began to chirp and laborers started their daily chores, believing the sun had begun rising.
You have to live with the idea of loss and learning. They are connected. They are always fighting each other. Losses makes you want to ignore the learning and not losing makes you think you don’t need it.
Sing near the lighthouse ,
theBalm’s Hot Mama was the first blush I ever purchased – and it’s the only blush I’ve used since then. I had read many reviews raving about NARS blush in Orgasm, as well as Benefit’s Coralista, which both seemed to be peachy coral blushes with gold sparkles or shimmer. I had been looking into theBalm as a brand, and found their products much more appealing in terms of price and amount of product – Hot Mama was the most economical choice and seemed a similar colour – peachy coral with tiny specks of sparkle. Not to mention the packaging is adorable and it comes with a mirror inside.
The same collapse swept the eastern seaboard of North America, where settled farming villages were established by 2000 BCE, and complex agricultural societies with rich political, cultural and religious traditions thrived for many centuries before 1492. (A thousand years before the founding of Jamestown, the level of cultural sophistication in the Chesapeake Bay tribes was arguably higher than that found among the inhabitants of Dark Age England.) After a century of dieoff, the survivors were scattered in small communities across a mostly vacant landscape. That was what the first waves of European colonists encountered. They told themselves they were settling in a wilderness, but they were quite wrong: they were arriving in a land that had been settled and farmed for countless generations before their time, and benefited immensely from the legacies of the peoples whose surviving descendants they elbowed out of the way.
In releasing the telephone survey of 612 adults, Galante said Wednesday he was particularly dismayed to learn that 57 percent of the Catholics believed Jesus had sinned during his time on Earth and was “no different” from other human beings — in sharp contrast to core church teaching that Jesus was without sin. Only 28 percent of non-Catholic Christians thought Jesus had sinned.
I was interviewed by the local radio and on the drive home everything just came together. Still feels a little odd to say that I'm French - but in the same way that it feels odd to say that I'm 30 - it hasn't totally sunk in yet.
We’re getting close…there may actually be a light at the end of the tunnel. Of course it wouldn’t come without some dramatics prior to, but should we expect anything less?
By this time Marcel had arrived (cow-sighting-news travels fast), everyone hopped into the pick-up and off we drove down the nice lady's farm lane. The lane was long, and it divided a large pasture with trees and some dairy cattle on the left from a very large cornfield on the right. AS we drove on, we got to the bottom of a long hill and into the middle of another soybean field where the lane basically joined up with a long waterway running through the middle. There was a pretty cottonwood tree in the waterway and a gentle creek flowing through.
I want to thank everyone that commented on the last one.. and the prayers! I appreciate them! I need them! Our daughter needs them! And thank you for participating in the miracle that God has in store for us all!
He loved the artist Vanessa Bell, sister of Virginia Woolf, and lived with her at Charleston Farmhouse in Sussex, England where they produced art together for 50 years. They also decorated the walls, mantelpieces, and furniture of the house with their distinctive designs. And he was a member of the Bloomsbury group. From the many stories that the various members have told, one gets the feeling that Duncan Grant was beloved by all.
For 62 children. Her teacher was cracking up.
That post had stayed in the back of my mind and as I agonised over the idea of changing, I went back and reread it. I thought it would persuade me to stick with what I had. No! As I read, I realized that the thing that was holding me back from changing was that I placed too high a priority on all the things I love (and will miss!) about Genbox, but things have changed, and they are no longer so relevant.
- It's been a tough end to the year, I have more animals than I can throw a stick at and there has been plenty of marital unrest.
We’ve an infatuation with dying, the disease of man
I wasn’t quite ready, however, for what I experienced during my time here. For one thing, on my way to pastoral ministry, the Lord gave me a deep enjoyment of the study of the Old Testament through the teaching of Mark Futato, Richard Pratt, and Bruce Waltke. He then provided a way for me to pursue a doctoral degree in Semitic Languages and Literatures, so that I could be paid to do what I already love to do.
1/3 lb penne
Bear Republic Hop Rod Rye
In conclusion, this weapon actively promoted bad teamplay (by holding back and not drawing fire), bad gameplay (by encouraging spam), entirely changing the point of engineer (the primary weapon is used to defend your buildings, not to go lone wolfing); simultaneously, it punishes good teamplay. There is literally one reason to use the vanilla shotgun over this weapon, and that’s a small damage increase – but the damage difference is only noticable if every single one of your pellets hits. It can be compared to why the Vita Saw is banned in most competitive leagues; it provides a very, very safe alternative – there’s no point in using the situational and risky ubersaw if you can use the vitasaw, which rewards you for doing nothing. In the same way, the Pomson is a very safe alternative to the vanilla shotgun, but instead of a health penalty you have ridiculously over the top power. Use it if you must, but understand that you have my undying hatred if you do.
I have belonged to the National Trust for nearly thirty years now. I joined while visiting Moreton Hall in Cheshire. I was with a group from Birmingham University. We were doing a tour of Alan Garner Country. This was long before I thought of writing myself and while I was signing up I had no idea how important membership would be for me. Since then, I have visited houses and gardens again and again, all over the country.
We are also grateful for our classmates and delight in the diversity of cultures represented at our school.
We do seem to have a lot in common with the Freeman Militia. I wonder if they’re truly like us.
David Cameron, the Prime Minister, expressed his anger at the promotion of a grandiose Brussels project at a moment when EU leaders were supposed to be taking tough decisions that would lead to painful austerity measures imposed on millions of people.
This Happened…
Only one Winner will be drawn
Proverbs 9:10 uses the word fear,
The street was shady and trashy, just like Principal Sal. The houses on both sides were decrepit colors of white, yellow, and pink. White-picket fences and crisp cut grass with garden gnomes did not pertain to its particular qualities. Adrien’s car door opened and he jumped out with a huge black back pack that he carried whenever he was at school, a skate board, and a lit cigarette. Adrien, who was five inches taller than me at 6’4, had “Beiber Cut” and was usually tan. Today he looked like his paler identical twin brother, Andrew.
He added: ‘But because they once were ...... they are still not comfortable enough with the new situation they’re in. ‘They still can’t accept the fact that they are completely accepted everywhere ..... it’s all in their minds.’
Saturday & Sunday.
‘Our bourgeoisie is already worthless for any noble endeavour. We did not defend Germany against Bolshevism back then because we were not intending to do anything like conserve a bourgeois world or go so far to freshen it up. Had communism really intended nothing more than a certain purification by eliminating isolated rotten elements from among the ranks of our so-called “upper ten thousand” or our equally worthless Philistines, one could have sat back quietly and looked on for a while.’
Enjoy your day,
With regards to the work produced by female students I was interested in finding out whether it could be said to be gendered in terms of a number of different aspects including how is gender difference is manifested, for example, through the physical or social environment or cultural issues represented. As well as whether the actual methods were gendered and whether we could talk about the techniques of sound work as being either masculine or feminine? Ancillary questions related to the use of the voice in the work – in particular the singing voice, how works created different stories about gender and the listener’s knowledge of the artist’s gender inform their understanding of the work in any way? Finally I was interested in finding out whether women talked about their work differently from men?
Easy Answers:
Frances Dittmer divorced Thomas Dittmer and stayed on at Refco as a consultant. It was during Bennett’s tenure that she built the photography collection.
As I struggle thru chemo I find myself reliving other episodes of survival in my life, particularly ones that required emotional endurance. In the forefront of my mind lately is one of the most difficult chapters of my life -- the saga of my struggle to become a mother.
Roy: That’s what I want to find out. I want you to tell me the names of the fellows on the St. Louis team.
"Anzac belongs now to a period - the early part of the last century - that is just beginning to pass out of first-hand human experience and witness, and, like all of what we know from back there, it has begun to develop the romantic glow of a reality softened, relieved of the sharper details and rich contradiction through which personal experience challenges and contradicts received views. It begins to have about it an aura of mystery we cannot penetrate and which, precisely for that reason, has a strong pull on our imagination and on our feelings.
Read and let read!
It was widely reported, earlier this month, that the British Government has threatened to cut aid to governments of “countries that persecute homosexuals” unless they stop punishing people in same-sex relationships. These threats follow similar decisions that have been taken by a number of other donor countries against countries such as Uganda and Malawi. While the intention may well be to protect the rights of LGBTI people on the continent, the decision to cut aid disregards the role of the LGBTI and broader social justice movement on the continent and creates the real risk of a serious backlash against LGBTI people.
I hope to get it done tomorrow night.
Fortunately, Korfu had the ability to see almost perfectly in darkness… even pitch darkness such as this. Praymar, as it happened, had the same ability.
Sending love and light and everything good to you all tonight. xxx
Dress, Jam’s World (thrifted). Shirt, Old Navy. Belt, thrifted. Leggings, Allen B. Moccasins, Minnetonka (gift). Earrings, Monica D. Bag, Nine West.
Lenna also included her signature square.
We're having coffee.
Anyways. My only issue with Vickie and her secrets, is that I am pretty sure she discriminates against the big girls. And when I say girls I don't mean boobs this time. I mean actual girls. Ladies. Women. Women who may not be the size of Heidi Klum and all her cronies, but still want to feel sexy in their chonies. I personally have always loved to wear cutesie bras and panties because I can't wear everything I want.
He's a magic man." yeah ... oh ...
One of the most anticipated XC State meets for XC fans each year is the Illinois State Meet. IL has a very deep and talented history in the sport. This years Meet was no different.4 (!) teams (#3 Naperville North, #5 Elmhurst York, #11 Geneva and #14 Neuqua Valley, the defending State and National Champs) ranked in the top 20 Nationally went head to head ,yes, 4 teams ranked in the top 20 Nation-wide. After 3 miles the Kyle Gibson led Naperville North team edged the Steve Sulkin led York team by the slimmest of margins 84-85. Geneva and Neuqua Valley followed in 3rd and 4th. It must be something to be ranked # 14 in the nation (and defending Nike Team Nationals Champ)and not crack the top 3 in your State Final, but that is the price you pay for competing in a state that has a very stong distance history. I actually feel that even though York lost the meet they can still take the National title. In a race diluted with more elite front-runners the duo of Steve Sulkin and Jordan Hebert both have top 10 potential. We'll see.
We also went to the Tiskiwin Museum founded by Dutch anthropologist, Bert Flint, who collected North African art from the sahara, Morocco, Mali, and nearby surrounding areas. The museum exhibits basketry, jewelry, textiles, and woodcarvings – all very beautiful.
So I had one of those awful revelations, the one that you get in the middle of the night. Anyways, I was thinking about my other blog and that there is a link to it on a website with steps to be goth, long story, don’t ask. Well, I realized that another site said that you had to take it slow or else people would call you a poser. It made sense but now I just think that it is so very wrong.
You'd better slow down
“It’s just too bad that somebody would do something like that,” Fellers said.
Update: I was told that it’s a parking garage not the actual library. And still it looks awesome, isn’t? What can I say? A suitable building for storing books.
Now soaring
Due to the suspected link between vaccines and autism, more than 5,000 U.S. families have filed claims in a federal vaccine court against the companies producing the vaccines. In most cases, the plaintiffs received no compensation and all correlation between the illness and vaccines was denied by the defendants. A public relations war has been going on for years, as studies and counter-studies have appeared, proving or denying the links between vaccines and autism, depending where they originate from. The studies claiming that vaccines are safe have often been funded by the very companies that produce them.
“Yes… remembered you were in my brother’s party” (He was real Player, What a shot! Kudos!!)
Still, there were some cool ideas. It’s just that they were not followed through. Take Karna, for example. Easily one of the most complex figures in not just Mahabharata but any epic in any civilisation, one can do a lot with his story. In Tharoor’s telling, Mohammed Ali Karna is denied his rightful place by the arrogant Dhritarashtra and Pandu, and goes off to create the Muslim homeland of Karnistan – the hacked-off (that is, circumcised) land. (See what I mean about the Rushdieesque irreverence).
This week and next at Observatory! Hope to see you there.
After a hard day at work, she returns to her rooftop apartment and finds four men sitting on her floor. What da…?
Do you want to get some Malabrigo scraps without having to purchase 10 different skeins yourself?
Only a live thing leaps my hand,
The article is from British newspaper “The Daily Mail.”
The overwhelming majority of CHL holders I've met over the years have been incredibly responsible when it comes to adult beverages while they have a firearm on them or about them. This includes the younger generation. In fact, the younger generation seems to often times be MORE mature about that than those of my generation and age.
The trust she has built with her subjects, and the consent they have given have enabled this form of portrayal to communicate what she has seen to the viewer.
So with a little over a week to digest the “results” of my 30 in 30 project, I thought I’d share with you some insights I picked up, and an easy place to check out all the offerings for something that might catch your eye.
On Friday, April 22, 2011 the red-headed repeat criminal offender otherwise known as Lindsay Lohan was sentenced to jail for a FOURTH time. Yet despite her ever growing rap sheet that includes drugs, DUI, assault, probation violations and now thievery, Lindsay was released from jail just mere hours after being sentenced to 120 days incarceration for violating her probation by stealing a designer necklace from a jewelry store.
When Avery (Thomas) convinces some friends (Dana, Galecki, Flanery, Mohr, and Thomas) to kidnap retired mob boss Charlie Bennett (Walken) in the hopes of forcing him to help locate Avery's kidnapped sister, they Ivy Leaguers quickly find themselves out of their depth. Things prove to be more complicated than even they even appear to begin with when, Charlie's eyes and ears on the street (Leary) discovers that one of the four friends was also involved in the kidnapping of the sister and that an elaborate double-cross may be afoot.
Going for a run, slugging a punching bag, or a fierce cleaning rampage are all methods I have heard people use to let out pent up aggression from a stressful, day, week, month or year (who knows?!). But last Wednesday morning when I told my friend’s dad that I had duked it out by making my own breadcrumbs, it definitely made him do the “head-tilt”. You know what I’m taking about – the tilt those pugs on YouTube do every time their owner asks them a question…complete confusion. No disrespect to pug lovers globally (seeing as I am a devout owner and fanatic of the wrinkly aliens), but they definitely capture that same sentiment that overwhelmed this dear man that morning. I told him that while it wasn’t my intention when I first decided to make my own breadcrumbs (in fact it was inspired by the fact that I had a rock-hard baguette that could double as a WMD if I didn’t do something with it), as I sat in my apartment pounding this French staple into coarse shavings, I could not help but feel the frustration from my typical work day leave my nerves and travel through my instrument to make something I was then going to use for my dinner. Now if that is not a healthy and effective way to cope with stress, I don’t know what is!
Supporting by Sleep Parade.
I chose Red Journey because it was my very first purely abstract painting, and as such represents a big turning point in my art career. I had spent most of my life until then believing abstract art to not be real art. I had spent a lot of time studying and creating realistic art, even going so far as to get a masters degree in illustration. (Ironically, it was studying illustration that eventually lead to this breakthrough, but perhaps that is a story for another time.) But when I painted Red Journey - and I remember the entire process very clearly, from first inspiration to finished product, even though it was 7 years ago - it was almost as if I was a conduit for a larger creativity. I had never felt inspiration that strongly before, nor been so sure that the outcome was a true expression of my inner vision. And that has become my definition of real art - true expression, and I've been hooked on it ever since.
Now, people will purposely cut into your lane without so much as a blinker and expect you to yield. This morning I almost lost it. I had several cars try to get in my lane while I was in it. The lane that I had already waited 10 minutes in to get to where I was. They zipped past all of the other cars behind me and decided I was the sucker that was going to let them in. Guess what? They were SO VERY WRONG. I did not let them in. I held my ground and almost got a white stripe down the side of my very red car.
For the record, the cost of his six day trip to India (accompanied by his private secretary as is normal practice) came in at just over €9,000.
I put Natty's walking stick back into the closet. It's on the left side, propped up against the front corner and is very much out of sight, unless you are specifically looking for it. On the right side, there is a tiny nook area and I put one of our air mattresses over there. It's all folded up and neat, as it has never been used before. (We have three of them.) I plan to put it out in the garage once we get the room for it made out there. But that's another process altogether.
And that was that: my brush with fame. It was only 3 minutes, so if Andy Warhol's right then I still have another 12 minutes to have some other time. If it's like yesterday, I think I might just be looking forward to it.
I was very frustrated. I sat through a shift change and now it was going on 5 o'clock. I knew my husband was beyond worried because I had been on a 7 hour shopping trip. I just wanted to tell him where I was. And it sucked to be waiting so long and knowing that the process to get me out was not even underway. They finally gave me my phone call at 5:30. Hubs picked up the phone. I was so thrilled to hear his voice. "Babe. I'm in jail." I told him. He said "I'm already at the bail bondsman place." I started sobbing. I though he would just be at home worried sick about me. But he had looked for me until he found me. I loved him so much. Between sobs I asked "How did you know where I was?" He told me not to worry about that but know that he was doing everything he could to get me out. I breathed a huge sigh of relief knowing that he was on the case.
*Jillibean Southern Chicken Dumpling Soup: Cardstock Stickers
I've searched around quite a lot either on Tumblr, other Lolita blogs, magazines you name it, for inspiration and it was quite hard finding something that I like and suits me and is Lolita like too. I found Shelby Cloud's bedroom very creative. I loved how the ceiling was painted as little pink clouds, and that she decorates the walls with shelves with an extra hint of cuteness to them.
the resilient orchids even had a little tag that said "easy as a-b-c". so effective.
You’ll notice on the footer of the blog an interesting statistic. That is where I will be keeping track of my progress on a daily basis. Now I can already see in my mind’s eye the idea of cheating this system, but it will have to rely on my honesty for the time being. Terry Pratchett once remarked that he writes a little every day, even if it was only a few hundred words. It must work for him as he has published, on average two novels a year for a total of 68 books by my count. Isaac Asimov even more, quite a lot more actually. When asked what he would do if he only had a month left to live, Isaac reportedly answered “Write faster.”
Pub. Date: January 2nd 2012
At first Kate is determined to keep her distance from everyone, closing herself off and looking for chances to break the rules. But Maddy sneaks in under Kate’s radar and the two develop a friendship that becomes deeply important to both of them. They are both struggling with issues – Maddy lost her mother to cancer recently and her ways of coping have led her to be judged by the other girls. Except Kate. Kate is too used to being judged herself to do it to anyone else.
drinks with cherry or grape juice ice trays, the clean-up would be easy if
When I came across this recipe, I was unconvinced. There is no butter in these cupcakes. I'm so accustomed to using butter, and usually quite a bit of it, in my baking, that the idea made me a bit uneasy. But I'm glad I worked through my hesitations and gave these a try.
I guess it could be worse. I could be eating 2003 Halloween candy.
madeleine moment (citing in effect the moment in Proust's work where he eats a 'Madeleine' and a wave of memories come over him)
He worked for the Auction Network and did red-carpet coverage of the Oscar’s for Oscar.com.
I been doing homework.. I feel so smart I received a letter from my school saying that my GPA (grade point average) places in the top 3% of all students from my college *__* ! so they placed my name in the Honor List *__*!
The Past
4. I'm a night owl. I'm so glassy-eyed in the mornings that my coworkers know to avoid me until at least 10 am. My ideal hours would be 2 am bedtime and 10 am wake-up time. Whenever I'm off for a substantial amount of time, I always revert to this.
Then off to part 2 of the mission - to investigate an alleged ammo dump from WW2 that the NPWS mention in a tour brochure , heading down and across another valley I came to the top of the tunnel and began to work my way down when I came round a corner into a large cave on the hill overlooking the railway line, the first thing I see is an army ammunition box ! geez talk about bingo I thinks before seeing the rest of the cave contents - it was obviously an old hobo's home and from the items around I'd say he was living there around 10 years ago, the ammo box was from 1953 and had a newspaper from 1998 in side so that discounted it being WW2 vintage , I scratched around in the dirt on the floor and found a Halfpenny from bloody 1942 to confuse things even more !
“Cori, what is your gut telling you?”
THe Scrap Room April 2011 Kit
Hope you get the message to her loud and clear without hurting her that much.
Finish stuffing.
My mat has a bit of a story behind it. Over the last year I opted to regularly rent a mat at the studio, because of the hefty price attached to a Manduka mat. Long story short, I fell in love with the color of this mat (yes its under a towel for class but I have to see it in my room and when I haul it around with me) and decided to make the investment for the challenge, as buying it came to almost the same price as renting it 30 times. I think the color is gorgeous, and as for the price, well at least the product is guaranteed for life.
To my body. We share a house
Location: Romanza Le Restaurant, Terrace at Hock Choon, 241 Lorong Nibong, off Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur (behind Hock Choon Supermarket).
The large clear pins I colored with a Copic to match the paper.
The USAF lent the Twin Mustang in 1966 and, not unusually, required its return should the CAF no longer have use for it. That really means to give it back instead of the USAF losing a part of its heritage, a standard practice.
Characters: José 13 year old kid, his best friend Pablo, Their homeroom teacher Mr. somm, The evil student Aloj and the less important characters.
I'll take the freedom of choice, and the hard won peace that every still portrait from my life has brought me to.....
She joined the Royal Ballet as an Artist in 1999 and was promoted to First Soloist in 2000. In April 2001 she was promoted to Principal.
Complications in pregnancy have fallen as a result of the ban on smoking in public places, according to a new study.
Perseverance = not giving up. About two verses back, Galatians mentions that we’ll be reaping what we sow. Planting good in my life and doing it diligently means that later on in life, the harvest I’ll have will also be good. That’s worth some bother, I think.
And THE NUMBER ONE TEAM IN THE NATION - LSU, my mother-in-law's beloved alma mater - JUST LOST.
This is why I honor my ancestors, knowing full well there were misdeeds and wrongs done. Because they faced a world different than what I have, and they did what they could to survive and make a better world for their descendants. The fact that the current batch running our world seems only interested in forgetting history, making a good life for themselves, and leaving future generations (mine included) with the bill while bashing those that came before, well….It makes me feel something not nice. The fact that they’ve trained many of my fellows with much the same attitude they have (only when the last government subsidy is gone and the last of your freedoms vanishes will you realize that you’ve been made a slave) sometimes steals hope. They are the first generation in history who not only didn’t grow the population, but screwed it after their deaths.
But I think this reenactment takes the cake. The students were acting out the "Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn scene from Gone With the Wind". They interpreted the scene as needing to run out into the hallway, the girl sobbing at the top of her lungs and yelling "Rhett! Rhett!" among other lines and then slamming the door. All is well with that... except that was the very end of the last class... also known as lunchtime. The secretaries were all sitting out there at the large table already eating. God only knows what they thought.
11) AN 84-YEAR-OLD ex-university official savagely attacked by four young punks during a walk in Wissahickon Valley Park earlier this week theorizes that the beating he endured was a cruel game of "get the old geezer."
By the time we checked in, got the car parked, had the valet bring the car back so we could get a cell phone out of it, and walked the 5 or 6 blocks over to the convention center, the line was as huge as ever. People were lined down Stout Street nearly back out the N. Speer Boulevard side of the convention center. People at the GABF are surprisingly patient though.
“Is it bad to be curious?”
Don’t worry; this is going somewhere. Well, sort of.
"We have a 'usability' problem -- average alcohol by volume is way too high to be sipping multiple beers down at the river, cutting the lawn or at the game," says Joseph Tucker, owner and operator of RateBeer, who sees session beer as a solution to craft beer's summer quandary. "High-alcohol beer is more filling, it has more calories and it's dehydrating, and this makes the average craft beer a problem in the summertime."Can you drink big beer in the summer? Sure: that's what air-conditioning is for. I had an Otto's Double D during Philly Beer Week in the coolly chilled Grey Lodge Pub, and it tasted great. But when I was sweating it at a packed event later in the week, doors and windows open wide to try to get a breath of air into the place? Nice cold Kenzinger, baby.
Dec. 31: A SCOTTISH NEW YEAR (All about Hogmanay - Scottish New Year, even more important than Christmas in Scotland! Featuring Scottie, Westie and Corgi cards)
By those who allow
Unfortunately for iPad 1 users, this cover only works with the new iPad 2. The iPad 2 has magnets inside the aluminum casing that allow the Smart Cover to be attached, so there’s no way it would work with the first iPad. Another common gripe is that it doesn’t cover the back of the iPad, but you can obviously tell that just by glancing at it, and if thats such a big problem for you, there are many Smart Cover compatible back cases, or you could opt for an entirely different case.
(Then) Cardinal Ratzinger would have been primarily charged with evaluating the doctrinal issues regarding Fr. Murphy’s alleged violation of the sacrament of reconciliation … not the abuse allegations.
This is a photo I took of the moon while it was playing hide and seek with the clouds tonight. Never mind the grain, I took it with the iPhone camera in HDR mode and thought it’s really cool, especially because of the flare caused on the side by a street lamp. It almost makes it look like a portrait of the sun and the moon together. The wonders of photography.
One very good exercise that Sue has us work on is taking a step sideways, off the inside leg and halting. Then from the halt take a step sideways and walk. Then we do it trot to walk. Then we do it while trotting. It gets Rogo listening and responding to my inside leg more readily. Sue's training programs are very consistent as the horse and rider move up the levels, so you might see a PSG horse doing a similar exercise. I like that the pieces clearly build on one another.
So I sat there thinking .... always dangerous ..... and wondered if the Smooch would take the SU ink. As I was washing out the mini mister my eye caught onto another cool SU product called Shimmer Paint/Ink. I already knew the Smooch faded out my green so I decided to give the Shimmer Ink a try.
if you like ELLA on Facebook then please write 'ELLA FB'
We love you Shawn!
Definition:
There has been a constant state of threat that has engendered a siege mentality in the minds of the small business owners who create most of America’s jobs.
/opt/VRTSob/jre.tar
this video synopsis of this adult romance ebook on the art of kissing is by: Cherry A.
Nancy noticed the people in the café staring at them.
Q. You are a graduate of UNC’s journalism school. How has journalism education changed from when you were a student, and what changes do you see ahead?
“Why did you tell him? I’m fine.” I said defiant.
Overall boring day I guess. I'm sure I'm forgetting stuff, but I'm too tired to think, nevermind write. So I'm off (possibly to bed) for now.
The wind chills here in Wisconsin are so ridiculous that school is closed tomorrow. Minus 30 to minus 40 wind chill!
Alan had in effect prepared a lecture more like a military briefing; something I daresay as a senior Intelligence officer during World War 2 he would have done many times. Every word was exact in its meaning and there was no wasted phrase in any sentence. Every paragraph was a package of orderly, detailed information. Each page was a literary gem.
The most common complaints include irritated nasal passages, headaches, lethargy, rashes, vomiting and fevers.
After my shock at having successfully baked bread waned down enough for me to function again, I made 2 spreads so we could make bruschetta: a tangy tomato and kalamata olive relish and a spicy chimichurri. They were both so delicious, Tom and I almost ate the whole loaf!
After lunch my group headed down to the other lab to do Practical Chemical Analysis. Our main goal was to perform what's called a congress mash. This is basically a mash schedule done by maltsters to determine a number of things dealing with malt. We also checked the malt for the total nitrogen content and ran it through a Friabilimeter to check for beta glucan levels as well as checking the moisture content with a special machine. After the congress mash we looked at extract, pH, and color. Below is a video of a titration which is part of the process for check the nitrogen content of malt.
Other people have bigger problems.
We don't just have compassion and then do nothing with it. The Lord has allowed those in Christ to participate in His Divine Nature and He has given us EVERYTHING we need for life and godliness. When He was moved...He was moved to do something. He was filled and moved by compassion even in the midst of sharing in our sufferings. Faith without deeds is no faith at all. Oh that the Lord would open our eyes to not only a global awareness of spiritual and physical poverty but a local one as well. I pray for whoever reading this that the Lord will open your eyes to someone that He wants you to help even this week. That we would stop losing on the minors and focus our attention on what is major...like a starving little child. Starved for the Lord only knows what.
Today was our summer kickoff program and it was a zoo out there---literally and figuratively! Fantasy Corral came with 20 different, and amazing, animals including...wait for it....an otter! Her name is Blossom and she really does make a splash in her pool swimming clockwise around and around. The red object is her firefighters helmet.
UP TO 35% OFF Have the next Apprentice on your hands? Set them up with a Quality Time Construction Company’s cute lemonade stand.
And did he leave it at that, recover, and clean up his mess? Of course not. He sat down on the toilet, shat out some kind of worm/alien/lamprey thing (I never did figure out which), and promptly died, leaving the worm/alien/lamprey thing to run about and wreak havoc, and I don't know what all, because I had to do the dishes. Not all of us can sit around and watch shite and eat bon-bons, you know.
"...now is the time to come out of my closet with this emphatic statement: The thirty-second spot - at least as it exists today - is either dead, dying, or has outlived its usefulness. Take your pick."Joseph Jaffe on The BeanCast, 2011
look how nice is this scene
We're celebrating with hot dogs and SusieCakes Giants cupcakes!
Yes, yes, I know. Some people might class all this as simply the inevitable result of Bad Timekeeping. Those of us who have had meetings with Occupational Health, however, know that these are an important part of the rehabilitation process. My phased return aims to Reestablish Working Patterns.
5. I have been painting the bedroom a robin's egg blue. There is one small area left to finish this morning.
As the laptop search continues, a romance develops between Phoenix and Tiger to help her cope with the heartache and pad the running time between fight scenes. We're given the whole melodramatic love story shebang; Vaseline-soaked lenses, sorrowful color-tinged filter flashbacks and a sex scene set to some distractingly poppy groove music. Then we discover that Tiger isn't a genuine criminal, but rather an undercover agent trying to takedown Black Dragon and prevent those satellite codes from falling into the wrong hands. I can't lay the blame on Phoenix's doorstep for not seeing this one; a codename like Tiger carries no connotation toward someone working undercover (although, I believe Tiger's original moniker was Chameleon in a roughcut version of the film). Now, if Tiger had chewed an effeminate magician's face half off to her surprise, I'd have to start looking at resumes on Monster.com for thieves with laptop pilfering expertise and skills with assigning codenames without bad omens.
The programme screened on 21 September must have used the term “Apartheid Regime” about five times in the opening statements. I don’t know if they do this just to attract more black viewers, but it had me losing interest very quickly, --- until they got to the part about a white farmer whose foolish ploughing techniques possibly transformed a perfectly fertile piece of ground into an area what has now become known as the Red Desert, a region situated in Pondoland (Eastern Cape) between the Mtentu River and Port Edward. I wasn’t actually watching the TV screen when the presenter made this ridiculous and unsubstantiated comment, I was just listening while reading a magazine, and didn’t notice if the presenter had his tongue in his cheek, or not. Nevertheless, I quickly sensed that the chap was just fooling around when he proceeded to mention other possible reasons why the place had become a red desert.
The hearts were punched, folded in half, and glued so that they pop off of the page nicely. I like the simplicity of it. And it's easypeasy enough that my 7 year-old helped me with the cutting and gluing!
Not long before 1975 he would have swung. As it happens he lost sixteen years of his life and died a year after his release. Tragic.
Within a day, I had read and signed Courtney for PROOF BY SEDUCTION and I’m just beyond excited to share this manuscript with you. And yes, I know you are going to kill me because I’m sending you this email right before RWA but hey, both Courtney and I will be there so let me know if you want to meet up.
The prayer procedure is as follows.
Have a good one!
However, Salmond claimed victory, saying:
Now it must be said that given that I am hurtling towards 40 (which I am reliably informed is the new 30), and given that I recently became a daddy and hence my days of staying out until sunrise have been seriously curtailed, I still have a VAGUE idea of what the kids get up to around here.
Kepa Artaraz
We should all do the things we love as often.
Bad: I’m going to eat better.
If Simon can learn to control his powers, and if Otis can convince him to work against London, there might be chance to stop it. But Simon has no clue how to get the weather to obey him, and Ruby, though she can understand the weather intellectually, lacks his raw, magical talent.... I found this a nice twist--Ruby isn't the Special One, and so is in a rather complicated position that's unusual in middle grade fantasy.
c) Rename the Photos: Your Name + Pic 1 and Pic 2
The mind boggles. The imagination races. I could go on – but I won’t. There are 17,810 entries after all! But I will leave you with a question. Many items, inevitably, are somewhat mysterious, and here's one entry that just now caught my eye. Seven 'Rackettes for the tennys' is clear enough as a description, but have you any suggestion as to what game 'two handes battes of Siluer guilt' might have been used for?
I’m sorry it’s taken me so long to post these, even though it’s been over a month since I took them. I’ve been incredibly busy at work and doing freelance graphic work. I’m going away for president’s day weekend, so I’ll have more new pictures coming soon.
master a new skill
All my life I have gathered beautiful women around me like a Victorian butterfly collector. My current friends - the women with whom I gossip over coffee, walk the dog and go to parties - tend to be stunning, toned and well-groomed.
Out of nowhere the other day Kai said "Papa says that sometimes I make bad decisions and sometimes mama makes bad decisions and sometimes papa makes bad decisions but he still loves me and he is still happy." I swoop him up and give him a giant hug and tell him he is right. He proceeds to tell me we also all make good decisions too. Then he says "See I remember everything" I know he listens to what we say, I know he is incredibly intelligent and emotionally in tune. This also makes me feel especially bad because I am not always the most patient. Parenting is difficult while grieving. I hope he can remember how much I tell him I love him.
Clean the grease from the microwave
“East of Eden” has a biblical reference and is considered a place to which “Cain” chose to flee after murdering his brother “Abel”. Steinbeck has taken that as the basis of the book and has built a story around it.
What this means is that writing costs money in the short term, and until you earn a respectable income from book sales, you’ll need a way to finance your efforts. For most, it means working full time and writing when you can, but it doesn’t have to be that way. By planning ahead and investing wisely, you can build a stable income that will support your writing and help you move away from depending on a paycheck toward becoming a financially-independent writer.
I was down in Argentina a few years ago on vacation, just having fun – playing polo of all things, actually, and at a cafe I heard a couple of girls speaking English. So I went up to them, and they explained to me that they were doing volunteer work, specifically a shoe drive. They were basically getting wealthy people to give slightly used shoes and collecting them to give to children in areas where they didn’t have the shoes needed to go to school. I was extremely surprised to hear that the kids needed shoes that badly and that kids were not being allowed to go to school because they didn’t have shoes. When I thought about it that night, I didn’t want to just write a check and make a donation- because, if I did that, the kids would just get a shoe once . . . and my financial contribution would only be a very temporary relief.
We held the May Crowning that afternoon at school. It was a beautiful prayer service with lots of fragrant, vibrant flowers hand sheared from the children’s home gardens. The priest who led us asked the kids to think of an intention to hold in their hearts while we asked Mother Mary’s intercession. My birthday girl was my intention. I prayed hard!
The fluid itself is very liquidy, and is a iridescent pearly white color. The texture is very moisturizing and smooth, without being heavy or greasy on the skin. Feels like a skin care product! There is no smell which I prefer, and so far it seems like it is a liquid highlighter if sorts.
Every year, Jack Evans Chevrolet sponsors events, seminars, and car shows. Throughout the year, they hold new car seminars for customers that recently purchased new vehicles. During the summer months, Jack Evans Chevrolet sponsors a car show, complete with food, music, and a best-in-show contest.
If the Cube were built simply to kill its prisoners, why supply them with clues? Conversely, starting each victim in their own room without the means to (independently) understand those clues subverts that entire scheme. Which is why I had some initial misgivings. The action began like an uncharitable video game, the kind where you must necessarily die in order to learn how not to die. At least in most games the player can restart from an earlier position. In this movie, however, the first attempt is often the final exit. Punishment, thy name is Cube . . .
It's like Tracy Morgan says: "If you want to make God laugh, make plans. Or read Him a Dave Barry book."
Also, football season is in full swing! yay for Saturdays! boo for Sundays! i just can't get into pro football. Instead of griping and whining every Sunday afternoon, I have decided to turn Sunday afternoons into crafting opportunities. This Sunday I will make...
In response,Parliament Speaker Saad el-Katatni of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party announced that parliament was suspending sessions for a week to protest the ruling military junta's failure to dismiss the present cabinet and allow the Islamists to pick a new one of their choosing.
I added some frozen spinach to this one. Anything to get more veggies in.
* Balances 25%
We were able to celebrate with some French families.
I will be heading a panel discussion with prominent local compliance officers. Our topic will be compliance best practices and our focus will be on some of the following topics: (1) The global state of play with government regulations; (2) Dealing with the latest developments regarding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the UK Bribery Act and how to incorporate these pieces of legislation into your future contracts; (3) What are some of the challenges in dealing with intermediaries, agents, consultants and business partners in a manner which is compliance with both the FCPA and Bribery Act and (4) Can a company have a best-in-class compliance program if it doesn’t include due diligence, contractual requirements and reasonable audits on partners?
I must be gaining the entire fucking world
I'm sure this new addition will make the 5 whole minutes I get to sit down there and read that much more enjoyable!!
I thought they would fill others up too, spread some encouragement, and teach accountability and ownership.
Me: “No, mom. I never spend Valentine’s Day with anyone.”
Long after we’re gone, of course.
Keep Riding!
I get a call from a woman and she starts by saying "oh. you sound like you speak very good english." Thanks, I reply. I would be pretty lost without it as it is the *only* language I speak. She tells me that because I indicated another language exists in our home (beyond what is spoken by Dora the Explorer) we need to come in for an assessment.
The stuffed Strawberry Shortcake doll!
This recipe comes courtesy of Sandra Lee. I don't care for many of her recipes but this one I do enjoy. Delicious and easy. I would imagine you could play around with the pudding mix and chips and substitute different flavors. Very simple and kid friendly!
I have a whole room at the back of my house – my study – with floor-to-ceiling shelves of books. I often devour a book in a day, especially on days when I’m too poorly to do much else.
I hate you so much
“I feel like we haven’t even talked today because of your rules,” he smirked, as I white-knuckle gripped the bar.
I'm so excited, i can hardly stand it... on Saturday (May 12) i turn 32 and B-rad and i are going to go out for curry at the most wonderful Indian place, then off to see the new Johnny Depp flick... a WHOLE night out?? i'm so pumped.
Elegant in its simplicity, a cross of beautifully cut chandelier crystals crowns a bottle of antique glass. Held fast within the rustic confines of solder that has been imbued in the time-worn hues of rusted and weathered iron, the light-throwing crystal brings the element of refinement to the cross bottle’s beautiful marriage of rough and refined.
Shamelessly lifted from Wikipedia:
Normally 8-9. Since about February, it's been broken up into 1-2 hour naps in between getting up to go pee. Yes, I pee every hour or hour and a half... all day and all night. It's annoying as hell.
What would a holiday season be without watching that timeless classic at least once. The line "No man is a failure who has friends" pretty well sums it up for me.
Meanwhile, all this unseasonal warmth has meant that our peach and greengage trees are now in flower and our doyenne de comice pear is budding nicely. The ornamental cherry will follow very shortly, but our young melrose apple and fruiting black cherry have a little while to go yet. We also found another colour break in our cowslips; an orange version. Looking over the valley towards the north Eric's field is now definitely showing the first yellow colza flowers.
“What did you hear about that teenager down the street they called the police on?” I ask her. “You know, the other night.”
Invigorating, actually, as the editor challenges me to see the work from outside myself and my own intentions toward it. To read as a reader. I think that is essential, whether it comes from an editor or not.
If you are offended, then don't read the book; but allow others to make their own decisions.
Having not danced in several months, however, I decided to attend the half hour lesson before the dance began, where I quickly made an easy spin into a game of Twister. Luckily, one of the instructors was on it, telling me to just walk forward. Really. I even learned a move that I hadn’t learned before, so it was a good lesson, especially since I hadn’t practiced the other basic moves in a while, which work best when the music isn’t that fast.
Whose game? I think I'll have a sign up every 1st of the month, so you can do it every month or skip some months if you'd like to. (CHA months are tough, lol). No big commitments ;) Feel free to add the button I've posted on my sidebar for this. The more the merrier :)
To enhance the capacity of the European Union in policy analysis and programme management in key areas. These include Maternal and Child Health, Climate Change, Wealth Creation, Water and Sanitation, and issues focussing on Fragile States, Conflict Prevention and Resolution. In addition it will provide support for stronger overall Evaluation and Monitoring of EU spend. The Programme will second approximately 25-30 high calibre DFID staff (Seconded National Experts - SNEs) to the European Commission and related organisations in Brussels and Luxembourg, EU delegations in developing countries, EU Presidencies, and to the new European External Action Service (EEAS) of the European Union. The National Experts on Professional Training scheme (NEPT) will also provide short term opportunities in the EU (Brussels) for staff to get experience and knowledge of how the EU manage their development programmes.So, nearly £14 million of our foreign aid budget goes to sending British bureaucrats to commune with Eurocrats in Brussels and elsewhere. The starving children of Sudan, to name but one location, will be delighted.
7pm-A few hot wings, large cobb salad with balsamic and olive oil (chicken, avocado, bacon, lettuce, spinach, etc.)
Now, I just gotta get this booty moving. I've never been a fan of exercise and I hate panting and sweating like a dog. Hence why summer in the pool was great for me. So I am going to break down and finally order the Zumba DVDs since I haven't found a class that works with my work schedule. *sigh* I also wanted to get opinions on the Wii game "Just Dance". Have any of you played this...I've heard it's a pretty good work out and anything that is fun and gets my booty moving is a good investment for me.
Some interesting pics from the Burberry Ad Campaign. I noticed it in this month's W Magazine.
2/3 c milk
It’s the delight in the challenge,
A big fat zero for my weight loss. I worked out 6 x last week but it just goes to show that exercise really does only account for 30% of your weight loss. Losing weight is a simple equasion you have to burn more calories than you consume. That is all. I have clearly taken in and burned the same amount. By all accounts you have to burn 3,500 calories for every 1 lb of weight loss.
Frozen Vegetables (without sauce)
The new figures from a study by the Institute of Medicine have created a stir, especially the fact that one third of American kids born in 2000 is expected to become diabetic in their lifetime. Obesity now costs America $190 billion a year.
Ok, so maybe not everyday, but definitely this weekend. Shovelin' and reorganizing, since my flowers were planted willy nilly, with no semblance of order. There's a lot of stuff going on that's just not ok...
Excellence in Writing – Medical Drama:
The 5K, held Sunday, April 22, at 7 a.m., had nearly 3,900 participants. Proceeds went to the Angels Baseball Foundation, which helps at-risk youths in Orange County by giving education grants and supporting the Boys and Girls Club and baseball clinics. The 3.1 mile race circled around Angel Stadium and the Honda Center in Anaheim, Calif.
One of the few things lately, that has made life enjoyable for me. I'm pissed. When the manager walked by and I showed him the damage, the man closed his inner door. I didn't get to tell the manager my suspicions as he was holding heavy bags of groceries and was in a hurry to get inside. More circumstantial evidence is, when that man let the kitten out this morning and it ran for planter, he came and got it.
take to the night, blue, black, and gray
DON’T let your customer get frustrated and upset by “thinking” that the process is taking too long!
Keep writing all you NaNoers!
As it happened, I reasoned and played the idea out in my head during my drive home. Over the weekend, I calculated the logistics, feasibility and budget. By the end of the weekend, I had a menu, budget, and my own itty bitty newborn lunchtime delivery service. Of course, I am only currently servicing one place once a week, but it’s a nice fun start and my own fill-in-some-free-time creative outlet. Of course, I made absolutely $0.00 this week (in the hole, when you consider labor), but I got a chance to provide something different and fresh (literally) to my office so that brightened my day.
This is partly because my neighbor, Doug,
Cathy xx :)
How does a primary student solve non-linear programming problems of a PhD candidate?
Nice message to communicate.
Spencer was quick to back down, as well. “I’m not sure, yet,” he admitted. “That’s why I’m here to find out.”
A curse is on her if she stay
These two people do certain things to, with, beside, and for each other -- they interact.
Today, Stephane and I were out shopping and he bought me another one. An amazing one... I admired it before Christmas and today it was 50% off. Who could resist? Not even him, I guess!
With this publisher, however, termination triggers a refill at the inventory pump. Whatever the publisher may have on hand (and ebooks are never really "on hand"), termination causes inventory to magically shoot up to 1,000. Worse, it delays the reversion of rights, making reversion contingent on all inventory being sold, down to the last book. Suppose your book was available from this publisher as an ebook and a POD print edition; just imagine how long it might take a small publisher to sell 1,000 copies of each format.
Nurse Meme broke into her imaginings and brought her back to reality. She held a tablespoon and a bottle. She poured the liquid into the spoon and started toward her “What’s that?” Nurse Meme cleared her throat and replied “medicine. Now open your mouth and swallow ALL of it.” Gladys did as she was told. She opened her mouth and then it hit her. The smell, then the taste of Castor Oil. “That should make you feel better” Nurse Meme declared. Gladys gagged and sputtered and spewed. “but I already feel better, momma. I don’t need anymore of that stuff. Really I feel good. I’ll go to school tomorrow I promise.” Nurse Meme raised an eyebrow and prepared the second dose. “Gladys, you take this and that is all there is to it. If you were sick enough to come home from school in the middle of a party, then you need this medicine.”
My photos from last year are here and I frequently flick through them for inspiration. It is a must for anyone who likes quilting or patchwork.
When I was reading about Kilmacduagh later I discovered that St Colman is actually buried there and a certain amount of investigation leads me to believe that I took a rather poor photograph of his grave without realising what it was! I'm not absolutely certain so am open to correction if anyone knows better.
The other thing that fogged my memory is that Elizabeth's husband cheated on her. Had she been a nobody, it would have been between her, her husband, and the other woman. Elizabeth, in fact, learned about the betrayal two months before We, the People did. But once we did know, she had to 'fess up about her feelings, first on a blog (on which she stood by her husband), then on Oprah (on which she wavered a bit), and finally in her best-selling book Resilience (in which she admitted throwing up upon finding about her husband's affair). You may argue that no one forced her to tell us about all of this, and that she made some money off it to boot (some of which I imagine went toward paying doctors' bills), but I suspect had the story not broke, she would have kept her feelings to herself. That's not to say there wouldn't have been a divorce, but that all we would have known is that it was because of "irreconcilable differences."
through your grace you have carried me
So, soon, there will be not just one but two of me ;). Any new parent knows how much I wish that were true!
And we are tired, oh so tired, of this art form still being stuck in the dark ages, with pushback from the CEO's and CIO's and the corporate who want the status quo to continue, who want to release the SAME game over and over every year for maximum profits and no risk.
Rob Coombes – keyboards
How will it get worse? Our politicians may grant amnesty to that 15-20 million which will encourage millions more. There are so many legal aliens that they hide more illegal aliens via ‘ethnic sympathy’. But what they bring us is as dangerous as any armed invasion.
As the Tharil empire and dominion crumbled, the Human species began to exploit their former masters in a continuing cycle of oppression. The Tharils now became the slaves, used as forced navigators of the time winds and traded as rare and valuable commodities. Ships such as the Privateer under Rorvik which became moored in the Gateway were built of the dense dwarf star alloy to prevent the Tharils escaping. When Rorvik’s privateer became stuck in the Gateway the Doctor and Romana befriended two Tharils, Biroc and Lazlo, and they explained the history of the Tharil race to them. The two Time Lords helped to free Tharils still trapped in the privateer. Romana stayed behind in the Gateway to help the Tharils build a new life based on freedom and equity.
This did it. The drunk swung around in his seat and hollered “SHUT UP! SHUT THE FUCK UP!” Still – and you have to give the man credit for this – he managed to sound like Christopher Lee playing a particularly unhinged villain.
asked me for a clue about what year it was. I said: it was a historical year for the category. He said 1974 (I have no idea why); to me, it was an easy clue: as you might know, 1972 is the first and ONLY time two African-American actresses competed for Best Actress. As always with a draw, I am somewhere in the middle on the excitement factor. This certainly is an unusual line-up: I haven’t seen any of the drama actresses, but two black actresses and a Swedish one, plus a loud cabaret performance and an unusual highly-criticized comedy role – not Oscar’s regular line-up, for sure. I have only seen Cabaret and Travels with My Aunt, though none recently. I’m very excited about The Emigrants, which I’ll probably save for last.
A: I think a grand old Charleston home would be ideal - I’m picturing both the ceremony and reception taking place outside; the ceremony would be at dusk, under huge trees, with garlands of white lights hung to illuminate the space.
Avari
My first stop was usually LinkedIn. Profiles on that website have sections for various forms of contact, plus links to the professional’s own websites or blog. And if you find a personal page, you’re done. Those will always have a “contact me” page with at least an email. Facebook is not as reliable, but sometimes if you click on the info page you’ll find their email listed. Twitter accounts are only good for checking if the person has a personal website in their bio. For some companies who didn’t even list writers or have article bylines, I resorted to scanning, or searching “writer” with ctrl + F, the list of who the company was following on Twitter and found a name that way.
With manga, I will forgive a lot of the art missteps and rough-around-the-edgesness that a lot of newer artists or lesser known groups make. After all, I’m more of a lyrics girl. Breathtaking art and pretty, pretty boys are nice, but I’m really here for the story. It’s a lot harder with anime, because while you’re listening to the words, your main focus is the art. And if the art is clunky or backgrounds treated as an afterthought, it becomes harder and harder not to turn into that nitpicky chick in the back that everyone throws their Calpis bottles at during DVD number 195 of Ranma 1/2.
3 small red beets sliced thin with a mandolin
As I approach the school parking lot, I see the sign: “No Busses.” Guess the administrators don’t want Mom kissing Johnny goodbye when she drops him off in the morning. And after Mom drives away, they don’t want Johnny sneaking a peck with Jenny.
It will be a tough one.
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”-unknown
Mistie Jordan I have a small circle of friends/artists whose blogs I visit regularly. We upload pictures and comment on each others work and progress, and since I live in a very small town with little in the way of an art outlet, this is really helpful to me. In particular, I love Jessie Marianiello’s blog and website. She is a total inspiration and shares so much of her life and work. She is a beautiful person. http://straydogarts.com
hand with tipping. Why can’t they just tell you how much they want from the get go!?! It’s like an unfriendly surprise when the 99cent soda ends up being $1.07 and you just do not have those extra 8cents on hand!!!
I know of no other way to become a grateful child of my Heavenly Father than to consciously consider the goodness He fills my days with. Unacknowledged blessings do nothing for the soul -- but gifts joyfully, humbly received causes the heart to draw nearer.
Fareda: For the past few nights, father’s soldiers Uncho, Ragheb and Haamid have been coming to our house and I have been secretly listening to their conversations.
In that spirit, let me add to the mentions of shale.
You make me want to make a difference in my life, and in yours. You make me want to hold onto all these little pieces of happiness that I’ve collected with time, and throw them like confetti around me, so that I can bask in their bright colours and residue sunshine. You make me want to hold onto my smile a little longer, when it would have slipped away from the visage seconds earlier.
A key member of India’s Planning Council, Dr. Kirit Parikh, is reportedly pushing for this idea as “a broad strategic vision”. I disagree with Dr. Parikh because China is not known for respecting riparian rights on international rivers. On the contrary, I think his words would only give more excuse for China to push ahead with their plans.
Flavor: First impression is a refreshing sensation that carries with it a combination of quick grain sweetness chased by an equally fast moving spike of hops (that slightly metallic, slightly astringent sensation). The second sip again begins with that refreshing sensation followed by more of the hop spikes leading the sweeter grain this time. A third sip notices how well behaved these two flavors are. No fighting for prominence or domination.
By decreasing the field, you would minimise the risk of falling and maximise the chances of more runners finishing. In theory, this should lead to a safer spectacle without taking away the unique experience of the National.
Amid the gasps from dumbfounded open mouths the recently declared bankrupt Mrs Lumby thanked the room for their generosity!
Hapa SF reminds Off the Grid 5M happening soon! 11-2pm at 5th and Minna in the Chronicle Building underpass. See you there!
It's a blog.
‘Cos being remembered is everything. If you die and nobody remembers you, well, that’s like you never existed. You were there but you were like dark matter... just holding the bright stars in their place. But if your name is still on people’s lips, still being bandied around backstreet pubs and used as a gross insult in the playground then you have at least achieved some kind or immortality. Future generations will carry your name forth like some kind of socio-biological seed and who knows? You may yet influence the children of tomorrow in some weirdly perverse manner which will either raise humankind to the heights of enlightenment or (more likely) see it damned to the lowest circle of hell.
“Always in motion is the future.” ~Yoda
Teri jaan ke sadke mein kuchh aaisa kar jaaun
I did, however finish the bird mobile, so at least I did something this week. It’s currently hanging on our kitchen light until I can relocate it to its permanent place in the nursery (above the changing table).
Shopping at Proteus Gowanus is intellectually stimulating, likely to result in conversation and often amusing.
These were in my hot little hands just 3 days after ordering...
The specs are not really ground breaking but we are all curious on what Samsung is up to after the massive build of anticipation for the device. And we think that this device will be the most innovative and revolutionary device from Samsung so far. Or we just hope it will be. So never miss a bit of it by following the full broadcast of the event here.
Beat in the cheese until smooth. Then beat in the double cream until thick. (You may like to add a little more sifted icing sugar to get the consistency you like for piping on the cakes.)
Sent by Salon.com to cover a political event in Iowa, Savage was so angered by a conservative Republican politician Gary Bauer’s opposition to same-sex marriage that he volunteered for Bauer’s campaign. He spent his time there smearing his flu-infected saliva on any surface he thought Bauer might touch. Interviewed in 2006 by a student newspaper about political candidate Carl Romanelli, Savage stated that “Romanelli should be dragged behind a pickup truck until there’s nothing left but the rope”.
I've received two invitations for exhibitions later in the year, one in June and one in September. In some ways I'm a little hesitant in taking up the challenge again, since the last three weren't all that succesful financially and I lost a modest amount in the process. On the other hand I've gained a lot of experience and some valuable insights which I may want to use in a next exhibition, but I'll need to think things through for a while. I've still got some time before I need to make definite decisions, useful but somewhat unsettling unfortunately.
But, let us grant for the moment that the person independently verifying another man’s faith is seeking only that man’s good and has attained superior knowledge. Even then we are in no better position. A government official who shows me the best way to conduct a business, may, upon my failure, shore up my losses and provide security for me. But, there is no security for the life to come that can be given by another man. It is not within another man’s power to ease my loss, or prevent my suffering, or restore me in some measure. That is a matter between God and myself. The Kingdom of God is in the hearts of men (Luke 17:21) and therefore no man, who’s only real jurisdiction is in the physical world, can affect a better care than I of my soul by use of superior knowledge, or outward force, or coercion.
1 continent
Stephen King's On Writing -- While my writing leans toward the scary, thriller genre, this was a no brainer for me to read. But I recommend this book to any writer of any genre. King not only gives a look into his own writing style (the when, the where and the how), but he also offers short, easy, do-able ways of getting your story out. He doesn't give lofty, convoluted exercises that only MFA graduates can handle. He gives you manageable tasks: for instance, he describes his way of plotting as putting "a group of characters in some sort of predicament and then watch them try to work themselves free." Plus, any insight into the master of the horror genre is guaranteed to be a thrilling read.
I was quite impressed with the quality of the game when it arrived. For the low price of $14.95, the whole product is well made and sturdy. The game-board is beautifully illustrated, and made of thick durable material. We were also able to pull out the Emotions Definition Cards and use them in a ABA program. Then when we were done that program for the day, my son's tutors would pull out and play the game as a reward. Even the box the game comes in is strong and won't break after a couple of uses like most board games now a days.
When I walked into his room a few minutes later, he looked up from his children's Bible, pointed at the picture and said,
To this day, none of this research has been made public. This is a clear example of how corporate greed has bought our government, instead of providing this information for the benefit of ALL mankind. They have deliberately hidden it from public view in order to prop up corporations such as the oil, natural gas, coal, and nuclear power industries.
Proud parents.
Creation science journals for years have produce quite an a lot of data on the formation of the Grand Canyon and have advocated rapid formation caused by a flood. For years secular scientists denied it, claiming that the Canyon was carved out slowly over a vast period of time and anything that questioned it was religion not science. Instead of clinging to more complexity in their ‘theory”, they accepted evidence this time as reported in physorg…
"When two of the most innovative groups in heavy music today — Chicago-based avant-garde trio Locrian and Seattle art/drone duo Mamiffer — announced they were teaming up for a studio collaboration, the resulting album, Bless Them That Curse You (Profound Lore/SIGE/Utech), quickly became one of the earliest “most-anticipated” releases of 2012 among fans of experimental and extreme music.
Anyway, every time I go to Andy's Market there is a plethora of folks in their golden years navigating the aisles and who mysteriously seem to flock to me like bees to honey which I think has less to do with my personal charm, and more to do with the fact that I'm nearly 6 feet tall and I can reach all those rows of tofu sausages on the top shelf that are so popular in vegetarian communities.
Much of my time the past week has been devoted to trying to stop a blogger who has been downloading my watermarked images from Google searches, erasing my watermark and my signature and then distributing in her various blogs, livejournal and Picasa accounts. She takes them down in one spot, then I find them in another.
Enjoy the rest of the looong break! Be safe.
Then, I removed the blue covers from the cushions (which just sit in the chair form, aren't snapped, banded, or otherwise actually attached to the frame) and laid them out on my wrong side up polka dot fabric.
Gloria has, so far, started to stitch around her cabochon using delicas that mimic it's colours - but she's not convinced that she likes the result. Gloria will be doing a little bit more during May, so we'll see how she gets on - watch this space.
When you finish the interview, put your notebook or recorder away and have an informal chat. As well as being polite and leaving a good impression, you might be surprised at what additional information flows when the subject thinks it’s all over and is more relaxed.
My third favorite single of April is definitely a song/moment of epic proportions! “Only The Horses” is the first official single from the upcoming 4th studio album from one of my all-time favorite artists, and the artists behind my favorite album of all-time, Scissor Sisters! Scissor Sisters have never released a single thing that I have been disappointed in and that is still the case with the release of “Only The Horses.” In fact, it is quite the opposite. My mind was completely blown when I heard this song, almost moreso than any of the first singles from any of their records, although it’s really difficult to say considering I have been pretty ecstatic every time I have heard the first single from one of their records. I just can’t express enough the love I have for Scissor Sisters. They are absolutely amazing. So, instead, I will speak of this song as an individual track. The sound is probably the most “dance” thing they have done in their career, aside from maybe the promo single they released in January, “Shady Love,” which kind of implies that this is going to be the sound of their upcoming record. This song kind of sweeps over you, in a way, and it kind of reminds me of taking flight, the way the song builds up effortlessly and brings you back down with just as much ease. The lyrics are also beautiful, using beautiful imagery to describe the act of just escaping from your life for a while to just be with somebody that you love. It’s an absolutely gorgeous song that I really think EVERYBODY needs to know!
2012 noses
Of course the Easter merchandise bombards you as soon as you walk in the door and I did have to walk around a bit before I could find the Jewish food section. But it was there. And it was decently stocked. Just as are we Jews on the island of Oahu.
A labor of love.
I feel boundless.
We make sure everyone sees your true side!
What you will win:
Today is my firstborn’s twentieth birthday. Strange that when one beautiful relationship was blossoming another was crumbling like a house of cards. Sometimes I wonder what is this strange relationship I share with my boys. They are my sons, best friends, confidante and much more. There is a much deeper bond that connects us where age is no bar. I think despite of all the blows that life gave the journey was one hell of a crazy fun trip with both. Trust me raising two brats is not for weak hearted. I have had my share of tears and laughter. You can browse through all the posts about my mind-blowing brats and me Here
Do I have to get up at 4am? In the pouring rain? To pull tyres attached to chains around my neck?
One downside of a (very) mild winter: it never got cold enough to kill off the bugs. I've already seen a few mosquitoes and just this week have found two ticks (one on some sheets near the floor, one on Stella)! I hate ticks. I might hate them more than spiders. At least spiders don't try to attach to me and suck my blood. So gross.
Hampton Haze stood above Rea Valley, with the hills of Shropshire in front of it - including the rocky Stiperstones - and Wales at its back door. It caught all weathers, which was why, left to its own devices, it so easily fell into disrepair. But built on the sunrise flanks of the Long Mountain, it also caught all the good views. In the morning, more likely than not, you’d find the valley full of mist but Hampton Haze alive with sunlight, an island in a sea of white. And there’d be sunrises to die for, the sky turned orange and magenta in zebra stripes. The house stood so high above the valley that planes and helicopters would fly beneath it, and there would be days when you could see so far that you’d have been forgiven for thinking you were flying yourself.
Angelo Esposito might not be seen as much of a top prospect nowadays in the eyes of some but back in 2007 he had it going for him; as an admirable 20th overall pick in the Entry Draft by the Penguins, Esposito had a bright future ahead so it seemed.
That's the challenge the GOP establishment faces--attracting Ron Paul supporters to support the liberal Republican Romney. I know I won't be casting a vote for Romney in 2012. It will be the first time I haven't voted for the Republican candidate, even though I wasn't voting for John McCain until Sarah Palin came along for the ride.
Since our last post, Jackson has continued to amaze us on a daily basis. He is such a smart, smart boy. Some of his favorite things are football, playing basketball with his little tikes basketball net (which he's quite good at I might add), climbing the stairs ha ha, playing in his ball pit which he got from grandma and grandpa porter for his birthday, brushing his teeth, playing with the dogs, turning light switches on and off, opening doors, fans (oh how he LOVES fans), and reading. It took him a while to really get into books, and now he loves them. But not being read to (unless PopPop smith is doing the reading). He likes to read the books himself and point at all the pictures to have you tell him what each picture is. And more recently he's started picking up books and "singing" the abc's, as if that is what's written in the book. Only the abc song that he sings sounds more like "d,c,d,c". It's definitely very cute.
May 8, 2012, 11:00 am CDT
Includes letters from Kristen that share messages she wishes someone would have told her—when she was depressed and struggling with loss, shame from sexual abuse, and suicidal thoughts.
[16] Note that in Colombo District, as distinct from the amorphous concept of “Greater Colombo,” the population of Tamils in 2001 was 12.2 per cent, having increased from11.2 %
Sheffield’s Botanical Gardens officially opened in 1836. The following year Charles Dickens began work on ‘Oliver Twist’. We feel this makes the Botanical Gardens a perfect place to celebrate our City Read. So that’s what we’re going to do…
Hubby and I are planning a trip to N.Z. in February, stopping off at Oatlands this week on the way home we popped into Oatlands hand made and I just couldn't resist this satchel to take away with me. It is made by madeit.com.au/stalley
Messe Noir 7" (Reaper Records)
Worn by the character Pola Debevoise in ‘How to Marry a Millionaire‘ in a fashion show scene. She looks an absolute Goddess in this scene- Marilyn at her finest.
I was delighted and I went out and bought lots of clothes for baby girls. When I found that I had a boy again, I wept. But then the cherub was such a delight that I gave all my love to him. Still I had to dress him in frocks and other girl clothes for sometime, to my mother-in-law’s irritation. But I had fulfilled my little desire.
In marketing the watch service, Heinze has been hit with mixed responses. While Heinez's more sophisticated clients have appreciated that, as an outside lawyer, he has taken an active interest in their businesses, other clients shy away from the extra information.
Blk 128 Toa Payoh Lorong 1
Before life takes us to Turkey, we decide to take a family vacation to Washington State -- a place we hope to buy land in one day. You can see my big boot here as I recover from my triathlon-induced injuries. What a beautiful week.
The world’s first smartphone with a dual-core proccesor – a 1 GHz Nvidia Tegra 2 – also features a 4-inch WVGA screen, 8 GB of memory (expandable up to 32 GB via microSD memory cards), a 1,500 mAh battery, a 8-megapixel rear camera with 1080p recording capabilities and a 1.3-megapixel front camera for video calls.
the twilight’s last gleaming?
This post really goes hand in hand with the last one on woman's cloth. A few years ago - probably around 4 - I started to occasionally have my periods at shorter intervals. I was introduced to Susun Weed's book, "The Wise Woman Way, Healing Wise". I borrowed the book from a friend, skimmed through it and read the pertinent parts. I started to make nettle infusions and to drink them on a regular basis. My menstruation irregularities disappeared. Now an infusion, as some of you may know and some of you may not, is not tea. Using 1/2 cup of dried nettle per litre or quart, you pour boiling water over the dried nettle and immediately put a lid on the jar or glass container you are using and let it sit for 4 hours. Then you strain and drink.
You know what sexism is? Sexism is refusing to ask a woman candidate hard questions for fear that she might not be up to the task of answering them. For giving her "space" to answer only the questions that she has been prepped for beforehand. For not questioning her associates and her judgement, even if it relates to her family. For not going after her for drawing obvious blanks when asked even EASY questions--for the record, I read The New Yorker, the Statesman, the Chronicle, CNN, BBC, Huff Post, and a few others. For not saying, "that's a beauty queen answer, Sarah, please give me some specifics."
Healing in the name of Jesus
Everyone must know that I’m rooting hard for Dr. Ron Paul in 2012. Dr. Paul has a way of making sense to both Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. There are many reasons for this and I encourage you to ask me about it.
My Neighbour Totoro was actually the first Studio Ghibli film I ever watched and as a child it blew my mind! I had it on VHS and watched it all the time. I was amazed by the idea that in any back garden there could a passage that would lead you to a giant secret friend! Having watched it recently, its amazing to see how little its aged as a film (it was released in 1988!) and its still extremely fun to watch!
And explains the Universe,
Something’s hinder geocache searches, i.e. muggles, non geocache searching humans to most of you, so items hidden in town when there is a weekly market on, is a no-no and you are best coming back another day if possible.
So. I have developed a plan of action (of sorts). I have made the decision to go ahead and join the local gym. I think I can just about afford that luxury for myself. And I will seriously throw myself back into a proper training regime. I would love to get back to some running too, but will see how it goes on the treadmill for a while, taking it very slowly. I still don't trust these shins.
…serious analysts now argue that fiscal austerity in a depressed economy is probably self-defeating: by shrinking the economy and hurting long-term revenue, austerity probably makes the debt outlook worse rather than better.
Birth Certificate blanks filled in.
The Presentation
Tasty Mediterranean Green Beans
SARAH MCLACHLAN
Her tall willowy physique made it harder for her to complete some of the skills.
It is a rare occasion when the title of a book not only hints at the plot but perfectly describes the stylistic tone as well. The Rules of Civility is just such a book and it is a grand first effort for author Amor Towles.
A defense for Noah!
Just came back to London yesterday and discovered that the weather is not as it was expected. While I spent some semi-sunny times in Zürs/Lech and Salzburg (more sunny times over there), I thought that at least my city would be in some spring-mood. But no. Gatwick Airport welcomed me with heavy rain and luggage that gained approximately another 20 kg after I sent it off, which let me change my clothes the moment I entered my four walls (as I once said - leaving the tube & feeling as I just left the rain forest behind).
Once the pastry is read place it on the plate, top with the figs (removed from syrup), cream, almonds then drizzle the rest of the syrup over the top. If the syrup is very runny just simmer it with the lid of for a short time until it begins to thicken.
Seriously one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. And a huge improvement on my previous Tomato Pie recipe. It also reheats beautifully.
Brasserie Duyck Jenlain Blonde
So, since I’m so far behind I’m going to do a bit of a recap on what I learned in March and then I’m going to try to keep you updated more regularly. I don’t think you need to hear about every meeting, since not every meeting is worth reporting on, but here are some highlights.
for bad men) to keep us there,
The follow up to WHERE THE BODIES ARE BURIED will be called WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES and will be out next summer. Winning the Wodehouse prize was the least comfortable Brookmyre has ever felt professionally as he had to do a photo shoot with a very rare breed of pig that had its own escort. The pig wouldn't come out of its trailer (Hollywood style huff) and sent its piglets instead. Carrying a large jeroboam of champagne and surrounded by tiny pigs, Brookmyre said he looked like a hobbit. He's also writing a sci-fi/computer gaming novel called BEDLAM which allows him to make up a complete universe.
Betsy and I got back home from northern Georgia late yesterday afternoon. We had good but warm weather, did some hiking, and saw some neat waterfalls. We also had a fabulous anniversary dinner on Tuesday evening.
If you came looking for the YA Scavenger Hunt, I am afraid to tell you that it is now closed. The winner of my personal giveaway will be announced some time in the next couple of days. Those who participated in the hunt, I hope you had a grand time. I hope you also enjoyed the alternate ending to THE LOST SAINT.
Share 45 things about yourself: If you opened this, copy it and paste it into your own note - FILL IT OUT!!! Learn 45 things about your friends, and let them learn 45 things about you!
Place corn flakes in a food processor and pulse until they are fine crumbs. Mix corn flakes, bread crumbs and ranch in a medium-sized bowl.
So, lo-and-behold, I came to become a blogger. There's the social interaction that I had been lacking for the longest time. Almost everyone, save for the rare troll and flamer, has been genuinely positive. This outlet gives me opportunity to flex my friending muscle without all of the risks that come with physical befriending. You are my best friend. I do not joke when I say that.
The white population of the city would flee for the suburbs, leaving the remaining Black population in political control of the city’s destiny.
Many hugs....
Do not let your heart rot in loneliness like mine,
Mom came down from Wisconsin for the weekend! With her visit, I knew I needed to have my walking shoes ready because we were going to explore the city. I also did a little research to find local restaurants that may be tucked away in neighborhoods and off the beaten track.
I have been really interested in the works by Shrin Neshat – research to her work can be found on my blog here I hand painted the design and then projected this over the female in the image. This was designed to bring the photographer forward into the image, which is the basis of my project.
It is the same with Confession – a soul that has perfect contrition already receives absolution before attending Confession. Of course, the soul must go at the earliest available opportunity. Hence we can see that a desire for the grace can indeed give us that grace.
When I took C++ two years ago I remember this being a bit confusing at first and in particular I couldn’t see the benefit initially. Since that time I’ve become a frequent user of assignment operators and find them easy to understand and a way to save keystrokes.
When he met Fakhra, Bilal Khar had already been married and divorced three times. He was married at the time to a fourth wife with whom he had two children, facts of which Fakhra was unaware. Under Islamic law, a Muslim may have up to four wives at one time.
I’m impressed at how coherent most of the responses were. I know I was practically frothing at the mouth and it was evident that many others were as well. But we kept it together and presented civil feedback. Most of the devs’ responses had to do with “work in progress” and “expected redesign of Holy Nova, we just don’t know how yet.”
While the whole world walks by
We went to a local lake park and just about froze our tushies off but had a great time! We started here and then came back to the house for some shots in the nursery. Since I'm very self-conscious I didn't do many shots with my bare belly but we did get a couple that I feel comfortable sharing but don't laugh at my flat belly button! haha!
Your eyes are deep and heart of gold.
Tanner had grown his own mutton-chop sideburns to play Dr. John Watson in the "Sherlock Homes" play that opened April 17. Performances were canceled yesterday. Tanner also loved to build eye-popping sets. "Most would call him a genius," Town & Gown's statement said.
Find your bed!
Full Moon April 6th at 17 degrees Libra, New Moon April 21st at 1 degree of Taurus sextile Neptune and trine Mars, Mercury goes direct at April 4th at 23 degrees of Pisces, Mars goes direct on April 14th at 3 degrees of Virgo square Neptune and is trine Pluto on May 16th, Pluto goes retrograde at 9 degrees of Capricorn on April 10th, Venus goes into Gemini on April 4th (that goes retrograde May 15th, direct on June 27th staying in the sign until August 7th), Mercury goes over Uranus and is square Pluto between April 22nd and the 26th.
explain the merits of the law
It is good story and easy to read for me.
Bush Radio management has always received good feedback for Belinda’s pleasant and professional telephone manner.
by Joe Sacco, 2000
We need to first be free
Especially in the unexpected life.
Open Monday to Friday 12noon to 12midnight
Exsqueeze me? I baking powder? Why didn't you CALL ME?
What’s your bounce factor? When you get knocked down do you get up and carry on? Or do you take a moment, maybe longer, to feel the hit before carrying on?
Att 32 (h/c)
Honey for glazing
I don’t write the stories. God writes the stories. I just take the dictation.
1.) A child is left alone in the game room and is getting overly territorial with the toys they are playing with - they won't allow others to play with anything they have, and react angrily or violently when other kids question them.
I never thought much about military types and when I did, it was not good. My assumption was that they were less intelligent than I was and far more prone to senseless violence. My parent’s moderate social and environmental activism had inadvertently bred in me the idea I was above war-like behavior despite the fact that my father had served in the army himself before going to college.
Amber stilled when he reached inside his long black coat and pulled out a knife. Her eyes went round and her heart raced, fear thundering in her veins.
Finally we have Pink Peace. This is the rose that looks least like its ancestors, but is probably the most fragrant of the family.
Nikenjayamochi Kadoya Honten Co. / Beer Warehouse Ise Kadoya IPA
“Besides considerable strength in Moscow, perhaps even an actual majority, the Opposition had managed to capture Party organisations in Ryazan, Penza, Kaluga, Simbirsk and Chelyabinsk. The Opposition’s strength in these provincial towns was plausibly attributed to there being, in those centres, a predominance of Party officials transferred as a reprisal for their dissident opinions. In Moscow the strength of the Opposition lay in the State administration (particularly in economic bodies), and student cells. The opposition was comparatively weak amongst the working class. No doubt this was partly a result of the past record of various members of the Opposition on questions of industrial management, and also partly because questions of immediate working class interest, such as wages, were not given any prominence. Whatever the reasons, in Moscow, at a time when it was gaining majorities among the students, the Opposition could only win 67 out of 346 cells of industrial workers.” (p47)
Born on May 25, 1953, Bailey was bred for the jump game as his father Ken was also a successful handler. Bailey currently trains at Thorndale Farm, Andoversford, Gloucestershire, having relocated from his native Northamptonshire in the summer of 2006, while he began his training career at Old Manor Stables in Upper Lambourn. Following a low-profile riding career, he served as assistant to Humphrey Cottrill, Tim Forster and Fred Rimell, before recording his first win as a trainer with Shifting Gold on January 7, 1978, at Sandown in the Anthony Mildmay Chase, a mere six days after taking over the reins from his father. He has trained some top-class jumpers who have rewarded him with training’s highest accolades, notably the Grand National (Mr Frisk, 1990), Cheltenham Gold Cup (Master Oats, 1995) and Champion Hurdle (Alderbrook, 1995). Indeed, Bailey is the only current trainer to have won those three races. He has his own website, (www.kimbaileyracing.com), where he publishes a popular blog. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1983 Menford (Refused 19th); 1986 Late Night Extra (PU 11th); 1990 MR FRISK (WON); 1991 Docklands Express (Fell 1st), Mr Frisk (PU 22nd); 1992 Docklands Express (4th); 1994 Master Oats (Fell 13th); 1995 Romany King (6th), Master Oats (7th); 1996 Over The Stream (13th); 1997
I’m the kind of person who wonders if a million coincidences does, actually, a movie make (Forest Gump) – or more precisely, a good movie make – and who appreciates that the heart wants what it wants (The Human Centipede).
None of them were asked if we wanted to pay this debt or if we could. As far as this government has been concerned, the debt and austerity plan are ‘manageable’.
Take risks and face your fears.
The woman was married to defendant Robert McClain, a former Los Angeles County sheriff’s deputy, and pretended to castrate her 23-year-old boyfriend as the husband watched, prosecutors previously said.
Inner Dialogue: You can’t do that Kate. You have already gained some weight besides you’ve never had a McFlurry why would you want one now? Don’t ruin your track record.
and how fun is that our medalists are from all around the world!? i love the global spirit of handmaking!
9. In Your Eyes 8:29
Colin Stair, who runs Stair Galleries, an auction house in Hudson, N.Y., is one competitor who has congratulated Mr. Keno. The trade, Mr. Stair said, will monitor the new venture’s progress and turn out for the Stamford event. “I’ve rearranged my May sales so I can go check it out in person,” Mr. Stair said. But he would caution anyone who, like Mr. Keno, starts an auction house in midcareer, maneuvering hundreds of objects through hotels-turned-salerooms at razor-thin profit margins. “You have to be prepared for an initial bloodletting until you catch on,” Mr. Stair said."
tents are safe.
Baird Jubilation Ale - If figs were a delicacy in Biblical times, then Baird Jubilation Ale might be a special beer for Jesus to crack open after a long day of preaching, telling parables and cleansing temples of corrupt money changers. Brewed with candied figs and spiced with cinnamon, this Japanese beer would make Christ take a drink and say "For the love of Dad, this is good!" On a related (but not really that related) note, apparently Jesus Christ's tomb is in Japan.
There is a challenge a young lady named Brittani in a youtube video offered to everyone who wants to have a happy life. Write down in a journal or notebook the things that you want or something positive about your life everyday, try to fill up one whole page and the positivity in your life will flow! Check out her video below!
Happy New Year to all of you! And with a New Year there comes tons of new challenges for you all. But, before we get started I want to let you all know that we have made two changes for the challenges. The first one being that in order for your submission to be entered in a drawing for the prizes offered you must have everything for that challenge included in your work. Entries that don't have the required elements will not be entered. Also, we decided to do away with the Top 3 picks and add another prize. However, in order to have a chance to win the second prize we require you to use one of our images from our store including the elements for that challenge. So, that means we will have two prizes for each challenge. One is from the Sponsor and the Second one is only if your project is using one of our images. Last but not least all winners will be posted under our winner tab under our logo. So, if you want to see who won the last challenge please click on the tab.
The major issue however with the Delhi High Court’s Samsung order was that it had been appealed and the Division Bench hearing the appeal had passed a series of orders during the course of the appeal, which by the way is still pending final arguments. While the importers tried to argue that the Samsung order had been stayed by the Division Bench, the ‘rights-holder’ tried to argue that the Division Bench had not yet stayed the operative part of the Samsung order.
Excerpts From A Love Circus (1996)
I didn’t reschedule. Not planning to go back.
I can't believe how big Brighton is getting, so mature, so...well "big"! I am so proud of him!
In one of the latest incidents, a tornado touched down about 75 miles east of Dallas near the E. Texas town of Edom, destroying/damaging at least 100 homes.
A “job centre” funded by money misappropriated from (British) tax-payers has been opened in Mali, and was the beginning of “free movement of people in Africa and the EU (Europe)”.
August 1: Special request. Throughout this song journey, I want ANY VIEWERS to put in their song requests. Not something by someone else, but something that you want made into a song. It can be lyrics, a melody you like that you want lyrics for, something from the instruments I listed, just something original that you want. I will choose the person and their idea on July 20, so that I have time to work on it along with the originals. So start posting your ideas now!! Nothing is stupid or weird. Let me know what you want me to do!
Hawaii: 20 votes; 80%
But as is obvious now, weeks later, 6 PM and 12 Midnight came in Jerusalem on May 21, and still nothing happened. This did not deter the forumites, however. Most still clung eventually to the thought that the “speculation” on the exact timing was just off. Surely the “right” time was actually at midnight at the END of May 21 at the LAST time zone before the International Dateline. After all, it was the date that was Guaranteed in the Bible… not the time of day. Or night.
So there we were. We'll call him "Bill"...looking over Cedar. It was a beautiful night. Bill goes to kiss me, and I completely turn away. First mistake-misleading. This will lead to upsetting the boy and lots of awkwardness.
How do you cook this?
Matthew uses this interesting wording:
‘Cause she’ll sink like a ship
So why hasn’t anyone heard of it until now? Why is it just now getting media attention? Well, you know, that completely and totally beats me. With so many doctors refusing to perform vasectomies on young men or men without children, you’d think they’d jump all over a form of birth control that’s highly effective and readily reversible. Well, two things come to mind when I think of this, and maybe I’m off my rocker but here it goes. One, this child-friendly world doesn’t want such a thing because breeding is “God’s will” or “natural” or whatever you want to say about that. Two, is that the men of the world are still extremely sexist and think that the responsibility of using contraception falls solely on women (which is completely and utterly repulsive).
“Yes, I find myself in the absurd position of a man who has reckoned without his host. I have made all my plans for going, and have had my hotel bill sent to me in pursuance of that idea, and now I discover that I not only haven’t money enough to pay it and get to Rome, but I haven’t much more than half enough to pay it. I have credit galore,” he said, trying to give the situation a touch of liveliness, “but the bank is shut.”
If you are not going to use the dough after the second rise, deflate it, wrap it airtight, and store it in the freezer. The dough can remain frozen for up to 1 month. Thaw the dough, still wrapped, in the refrigerator overnight and use it directly from the refrigerator.
This caused much sadness and consternation among many residents (this writer included) because of the way in which Pawn Shops ensnare lower income peoples in a negative cycle while the fast cash offered obscures those negatives.
Nick Drake - Pink Moon - 1972
I stamped images in SU! Handsome Hunter ink then colored each of the poinsettias with Copics. The JOY was stamped with Pure Poppy ink. Finished the centers of the flowers with MS gold glitter and sponged some Antique Linen distressed ink on the edges. Snippets of ribbon made an easy finishing touch.
I also grabbed my first Anejo tequila in the form of Milagro Anejo. This stuff is good. Much better than the silver tequila's I have had in the past and it kind of worries me that I will be seeking out solid Anejos even after this sale as they are always too pricey for me. At 30 bucks this bottle was a steal. When I got to the counter the checkout guy remarked that anyone not buying Anejo tequila was missing out at these prices, and I tend to agree.
His world has become so dark and still,
I better get going. I decided to have a small family picnic to get myself in the mood for the upcoming season. I invited just a few relatives over, and I noticed one big guy, way in the back that I don’t recognize. Wait a minute….. Is that Uncle Ben all alone back at the last picnic table? Maybe I should bring him a beer, and a few burgers. He really looks hungry.
Later, once I was already with wifesy for a while, Mom said, “Why don’t you just have sex with a guy, so you two can have a baby?”
I am entering this card into an Outlawz greeting card challenge:
1 straightened
““I glorified you on earth by finishing the work you gave me to do. now, father, glorify me alongside yourself. give me the same glory I had with you before the world existed. “I made your name known to the people you gave me out of the world. they were yours, you gave them to me, and they have kept your word. now they know that everything you have given me is from you, because the words you gave me I have given to them, and they have received them. they have really come to know that I came from you, and they have come to trust that you sent me. “I am praying for them. I am not praying for the world, but for those you have given to me, because they are yours. indeed, all I have is yours, and all you have is mine, and in them I have been glorified.” (John 17:4-10 CJB)
White Marriages (except the index is missing some of the marriages for Cisney and Chappell that I accidentally deleted – I’ll fix that a.s.a.p.)
Twenty five episodes really was not long enough for Chihayafuru; I am DESPERATELY hoping for a sequel here! The ‘ending’ was sudden and felt a little forced as a result, but that’s a minor flaw in an otherwise very strong series. With some of the best, most varied and well developed characters of its season, great animation and a superb mix of romance, drama and comedy, Chihayafuru should have been on everyone’s watching list over the past couple of seasons. If it wasn’t on yours, do yourself a favour and add it now!
I could go on and on and on about this ship, it was a fantastic experience. But this post is getting heavy on photos and I suspect a lot of you have given up by now anyway, muttering about Aunt Maudes' Slideshow Nights, so if you want to know more, you can click here.
NYX cream Blush in Hot Pink
I wish you a year of good fortune!
I had planned an afternoon of boating and lawn-tennis today but it would seem I must cancel and retire to my bed. I do hope the maid isn't similarly indisposed: I'm buggered if she's getting off lightly with the laundry.
Timestamp: 2011-04-08 17:11:28 UTC
* Materials: various biological compounds from Biochem, high-end mats from Diplomacy.
I like neurology. A lot. I will tell people more than they ever wanted to know about how brains work. I'm pretty into the physics of gymnastics as well, and I'm active in the neurodiversity movement. I was into genetics as well until a prof kind of ruined it for me; I'll be cool with it again in six months or so.
After a visit so the Sunday market in Coustellet we walked from home to Villars (abt 4 kms) to earn our lunch.
Organic Romain Lettuce
Goals of the school library
The biggest shock was poor Margot, our favourite hen (don't tell the others). She was absolutely beautiful and was found dead one morning in their eglu nest box...
has brought you here
This week I'm sharing a new book I just bought! For those of you that watch the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills you may recognize Lisa Vanderpump. The Real Housewives shows on Bravo are a guilty pleasure of mine! My favorites are the California shows (Beverly Hills and Orange Country). Lisa is my absolute favorite housewife on all the shows! I love her style! I still can't believe she's my age! Oh...how I would love to look like that!!!
And today, as I left them for work, Mikhail wailed on top of his lungs, begging me to take him along too. But as he has slight fever, tak nak la bawak. Kang makin teruk pulak. Better he stays at home and rest.
and orison, the voice of its winds.
As much as I would enjoy writing a post about The Hobbit, this is actually my annual post on my experiences at the Illinois Teen Institute just a couple of weeks ago. While some who read this blog are surely familiar with it, I am going to assume that there are at least a few visitors who may not know. So before I get into ITI 2011, let me give a brief recap:
So, I committed to it. Certainly I don't need another striped shirt, but the curved collar, the shirttail hem, the 3/4 sleeves, and oh yes, the fact that it's by Margaret Howell, proved powerfully persuasive.
With that he hauled me off the bed without an ounce of foreplay and we had a quick fuck somewhere I won’t mention. He left me on the bathroom counter (oops, I mentioned) and went to bed without so much of a cuddle and being awfully proud of himself. An hour later he was reaching for my hand.
We needed a plan,
E.) Maasai people of Kenya/North Tanzania
I am no longer updating SurvivalPrep.net as I am choosing to move on to a much more narrowly focused set of activities pertaining to personal and community preparedness for hard times. Over the next couple of weeks I will be transferring the content from the old blog host to this site and will continue to monitor and post responses to the archived posts, but no new content will be posted here. I will add a few sites to the blogroll on here at some point, but other than that I've posted all that I feel qualified to post--food storage is my "specialty," and I think I've given everyone plenty of information to get started and keep going, and now I need to shift my focus to other activities besides coming up with new topics to write about. For those of you who are also passionate about food storage, I'd suggest bookmarking StockingUp.net and keep checking back there.
"He was coming to the belief which was soon to dominate his life -- that the existing order must be overthrown by an elite of revolutionaries acting in the name of the people".
When it comes to a busy homeschooling life Skwirk has certainly helped in ensuring we are covering a wide variety of topics within a small amount of time.
Brewers in 1987. Paciorek teaches at a school in California and has four sons
Monster WC. Bescherming van het moederschap : onderzoek naar de regelgeving inzake zwangerschap, bevalling en arbeid. Ars Aequi Libri; Nijmegen : 1995: 1-386.
Daylight streamed through the windows and consciousness slowly crept into our minds as we rocked gently towards Bangkok. From 7am onwards hawkers walked through the carriage announcing their wares loudly – coffee, rice, crackers and a whole host of other goodies.
To join me in supporting the responsible, effective, awesome work being done by the Young Women’s Leadership Network, click here.
I knew I felt really good today and wasn't quite sure why. I had a good run yesterday and another great run today, but it was more than that...I have been eating great, except for a few slip ups on Superbowl Sunday, whoops! My jeans felt better this morning, so I thought why not step on the scale and see what's going on...and to my surprise-WEIGHT LOSS! As for the challenge, I really find it to be simple and easy to follow! I have really been focused on the family meals to make sure we're all staying on track with putting healthy foods into our bodies. I think we're all human and have times where we fall short of super healthy eating? But I must say that this challenge has reminded me of the importance of healthy living ...and I am feeding a husband and two boys and am responsible for their health too! I am very happy with this challenge and here's hoping that scale keeps on dropping! Woohoo!
“A catastrophe! What we need is a catastrophe! An earthquake, a flood, or better yet: a train wreck. A forest fire, perhaps? The California forests are burning all the time. Nothing ever happens in this godforsaken Hunsrück!
2. Push Ups – 9
A big jar/can of sauerkraut, that is shredded finely, drained
as you read this we are … phasing you out. You cannot turn back
One of the highlights of the True the Vote conference was a speech by Artur Davis, who was a Democratic congressman from Alabama until last year. Davis has been an up-and-coming black Democratic leader, having been selected to second the nominationof Barack Obama at the 2008 Democratic convention in Denver.But in 2009 he decided to vote against Obamacare because he viewed it as unworkable and too expensive. When he ran the next year in the Democratic primary for governor in Alabama, he was attacked as disloyal and defeated by a coalition of liberals, teachers’ unions, and old-style black political machines.He told me that the voter suppression he most observed in his 68 percent African-American district was rampant fraud in counties with powerful political machines. To keep themselves in power, these machines would frequently steal the votes of members of minority groups. “I know it exists, I’ve had the chance to steal votes in my favor offered to me, and the people it hurts the most are the poor and those without power,” he said.
Brian Hennessey, 35, Ringoes, N.J.
I'll never be cured of this.
I haven't mentioned the Police Academy films yet, as so many of the Foundry street cops seem to be based upon characters from that series. That is certainly the case with the third figure in line, who passes a very close resemblance to the overly gung-ho Eugene Tackleberry. To be honest, he is too tall for an accurate representation of Tackleberry, so maybe you'd be better of using the name given to him by Foundry - Baker. The addition of the sunglasses is a nice touch.
I can't really think of a set off-hand that everyone seems to hate, but I like. But there are a few that are just plain ignored by the rest of the card community.
*Shaving Cream is another Home remedy or treatment for head louse
So, Aidan got to experience it with Daddy. And he was in awe. The "choo choo" was so much fun! (He looks very stern in these pictures, but he actually had a blast! Whenever he tries something new he has to take it all in before he reacts.)
But upon meeting my inter-dimensional traveler friend (note: this did not happen), the traveler cited the two “Incredible Hulk” TV movies as the start of this alternate “Avengers” film canon. 1988 and 1989′s “The Incredible Hulk Returns” and “The Trial of the Incredible Hulk” expanded the Marvel Universe considerably by introducing the Jade Giant to Thor (Eric Allan Kramer) and Daredevil (Rex Smith). And for any fan griping about Thor not wearing his trademark helmet in last year’s blockbuster, now you know that they already tried that and, oh man, did it not work.
Today a candidate merely needs to say he’s Pro-life and he has 70% of the evangelical vote.
It doesn't matter what they are reading as long as they read.
Philip Kingsley Elasticizer ($42.50)
After continuous experiments i didn’t know whether to have the laser or not so i continued playing, i also decided to add colour to the image to see if it would go well with the piece or not, i saved several versions here is how it it looks at the moment.
I am nowhere near as organised when it comes to the family happy snaps... I take plenty of them but they sit and gather memory on my computer...Sometimes I make online albums as a way of keeping them together but I am ashamed to admit not as often as I should. The real truth is that I prefer classic photograph albums... the old fashioned paper-with-hard-cover-style way of archiving pictures. There is something so comforting about flicking through albums... lounging around and reminiscing... sharing memories, laughing over how we looked and remembering when... It's just not the same hunched over a computer watching a slide show... So... that means this year I am printing the images that resonate and I am going to create 'real' albums...
This is not to say that I don't want expertise. I WANT expertise. If you know how to fix my computer, and can show me how, that's super awesome. In fact, if anyone out there knows how to fix a dryer which won't spin, PLEASE tell me!!
October 12: Your coordinator Saviya brings more live music with Fernan Cobian and dancing by Ritchie, Najma and others for another fabulous showcase. Rumor has it that this showcase will be Gothic-inspired....
If you have a weak stomach you may want to skip this post.
that rely on monthly FAAC
In his recent book, Out of the Ashes, David Lammy, MP for Tottenham, recalls telling the then Prime Minister, Gordon Brown about mothers from his constituency, feeling helpless to stop their sons getting caught up in the violence. "What are we doing for these women?" he asked the Prime Minister.
Nearly all of us are looking to the horizon and wonder how the economic and political climate will affect our lives. Some are battling the pain of physical illness or relational distress.
I am wondering...nothing, really. I'm so stuffed up.
And then it was bedtime. With no A/C or fans. Well, needless to say we didn't get any sleep that night and really appreciated the workers getting the power right back on when our alarm went off at 6:00 am. Argh, what a fiasco! I was just glad we got it back that day.
Irish warnings against misbehaving abound, such as “The road to Heaven is well signposted, but it’s badly lit at night.” Sweet sayings for lovers include “He who stares into the middle of a fire does be heavily in love” and “Where there is love, it’s easy to halve the potato.”
* I did not use melted butter in these waffles. I used 1/4 cup of canola oil and a couple extra Tablespoons of low fat buttermilk.
Howard’s new place at the table may mean his loyal fanbase could get even bigger. Boots observed people’s opinions change at the first show tapings. “I already talked to people before they’ve gone in talking about, ‘Oh, I don’t like Howard Stern,’ but after they come out they’re like, ‘I love the guy.’ To see that is great and I think that’s great for America, it’s great for Howard Stern and it’s great for ‘America’s Got Talent.’ “
Kathleen’s Father was a cattleman and her first job was hashing the neeps at five o’clock in the morning. She was 14 1/2 yrs old and it was 1944. She lived in the country in a place called Coalburn. She soon decided that she didn’t want to hash neeps anymore and got a job working at the bookshop at the railway station.
GC: Now to your career, I want to start out by asking you when you first realized you wanted to become an actor.
My kids are messy. They leave messes where ever they go. Their desks have papers all over them and under them. They have pencil sharpening shavings all over the floor. (Our custodian- that poor man- I'm positive he hates to clean our room.)
Music Liner Notes is sponsored by Two Guys From Brooklyn, a unique web store selling personalized gifts for all. Please take a moment to visit their site and sign up for the monthly newsletter offering discounts and special offers to Music Liner Notes readers.
My husband
Pour gin, vermouth, and Campari into a chilled Old Fashioned glass over ice; garnish with a slice of orange.
Although my neutral position on crochet may be swayed if I started to use higher quality materials in my crochet projects. Cotton/Acrylic from KnitPicks is not exactly MCN or MCS (Merino Cashmere Silk ie. Madelinetosh Pashmina).
It's their behavior that's important. Wandering aimlessly, acting aggressive for no apparent reason, or just sitting in one place showing a total lack of concern for people it has seen....these are behaviors to worry about. Note that I'm not hoping to give you hard-and-fast rules on how to tell if an animal is rabid. That can only be definitively determined after a post-mortem analysis of the critter suspected to be rabid.
little ones and Judy's infectious laugh.
You know the saying "the camera adds 10 pounds", I believe there should be an addition to that stating pictures posted to Facebook add another ten.
"Prevent future suffering."
When I did my research for my children’s book I went amongst a lot of other places to the Barbier-Mueller museum in Geneva, Switzerland. This one had just opened a new exhibition at that time about masks from all around the world. I absolutely loved that exhibition, which is still on until September 16th. Since they didn’t have a catalogue then, I did many sketches of the various masks I saw there and which inspired me. It was kind of creepy being watched by so many ancient masks, but at the same time it makes you think where and when they were used and how significant they were to their original owners. It makes me tingle all over to see something so beautiful and rough like the designs of ancient tribes.
The amount of stuff that our small family has accumulated is absolutely astounding. We have a 2,200 square foot house (thats 12 rooms) thats just bursting with STUFF. We hope to list our home in 4-6 weeks. The amount of work we need to do before that is staggering, but it is possible. The neat freak inside of me (you should see my moms house) is coming out.
What we are going to do now, is to take a file stored in an open access area of the file system, and use the cp command to copy it to your unixstuff directory.
In the satirical interview with director Spike Jonze conducted by Perkus Tooth (it's safe to assume this is actually Jonathan Lethem, "Perkus Tooth" being the name of a character from Lethem's novel Chronic City) printed in the booklet for the upcoming Criterion release of Jonze's Being John Malkovich, Tooth, or "Tooth," gets going early on the joke with this:
Also as a youngster, a feisty, short, red-haired great grandmother would often visit and occasionally babysit. She was old as dirt, but played a mean game of tag with us little ones. Her feistiness was attributed to the fact that she had red hair and Irish ancestors. As a preschooler I found the red hair issue confusing as I knew her to wear wigs over her gray hair. But, she was feisty and definitely had an Irish ancestor … so the two clearly must go together.
I am now in a mad addiction for Calvin Klein Underwear, which I find very useful to buy on Net-a-porter sales (because at the Outnet you will never find your size, or the matching pair of briefs and bras). Other than that, I did buy my first Jimmy Choos thanks to their lovely job in reducing these shoes’ ridiculously high price tags.
I said, “No, entertaining my Cousin Harold. He’s a writer, too.” I neglected to mention that Harold did his writing on various indoor Poop Room walls.
A man turns back. He pulls me to my feet and urges me on.
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
And since I absolutely avoid all types of religious debates with my mom, and since I am not in the habit of being in any way rude to her, I didn’t say, “It can’t be an answer to prayer if I didn’t actually pray.” Instead I went on to tell her why it happened so quickly (both the reason I was sure of and the reason I suspected).
help me
Karla
GARROSH: Um, what’s this?
Naturally, I hope that my critical voice is of interest to someone out there...which is partly why I'm finding Wood's politically minded brand of criticism to be so refreshing and even important—possibly a model to aspire to. I want my criticism to matter, dammit!
Looks like Blaine usurped Finn as male Glee captain because this is now firmly the Blaine Anderson show.
Notice this is not about arguing the merits of the bill. Maybe it's a terrible bill. Maybe it won't do what it's supporters claim it will do. (And what a surprise that would be.) But how will we know? They're refusing to debate the thing at all.
I am trying to win some cash to help with my wedding expenses.
I'm really sad right now, it is not about him but ok. I've got my period and I'm crying over everything, I'll just feel stupid when it ends. I overthink much more than when I overthink normally. That's why I wrote all that, but it is all true, the thing is that I don't ever think about it when I'm normal.
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
is introducing eaters to pancakes beyond the normal realm. Leah Wilcox, the owner of Babycakes, says that the concept is “pancakes like you have never seen them before, inspired by delicious, savory, sweet, decadent pancakes in every flavor imaginable.” Wilcox, a Kendall College
So if you've not been to a meeting for a while, or you'd like to join us for the first time, we'll see you on Tuesday January 11 at 8pm at the Coney.
1. The Blue Plate Diner -- I went ovo-lacto here since I'd read nothing but great reviews about their omelets, however, there are a few vegan choices, such as tofu scrambles and burritos (more choices at lunch and dinner). I went for "The S.M.A," which was stuffed with spinach and mushrooms, and topped with sliced avocado. I also added some cheddar cheese for good measure. It was the fluffiest and largest omelet I've ever had. The side potatoes were crispy cubes of well-spiced tastiness. And the toast, well, pretty typical toast for Salt Lake, which is to say, Sourdough-based and not my speed. Otherwise, a big bang for the buck. Avoid the vegan sausage.
chase
Okay ... so decided to add teeny heart leaves ... also utilizing another (and one of my fave stitches learned from Betty) ... Bullions! I make two of them ... adding extra wraps to make it longer than the base length ... and they bow a bit ... then I tack each in place to form the heart ... & fill in with satin stitch. I think they look better in person than they seem here.
Allen sat out Game 1 due to lingering pain with a right ankle that will require surgery after the season to remove bone spurs. Rivers had dubbed Allen at “50/50″ before Sunday’s game, but he was unable to go. Allen was back on the floor getting up shots as the team prepared to practice Monday afternoon, but Rivers suggested he didn’t think Allen would be ready for Game 2.
“I went through my usual list of questions as we drank and danced and his answers were all I hoped for,” she assured her friend.“
As she sits lonely looking out the window
I would like to wear my hair as close to its natural state of curliness as possible but I realize that because I’m getting married the beginning of September in South Carolina my hair will need some help so that it doesn’t get super-frizzy or super-big, or both. I’ve been playing around with hot rollers to see how I like the big curls, playing around with curling irons to see how I like the more “controlled” curl, and I’ve been looking at various hairstyles if I were to actually straighten it. I don’t like the big curls because it also makes my hair super-big, Charlie’s Angel’s kind of big (the original Angels). And I don’t like the curling iron curls because they drop about an hour afterwards.
Secondly, I studied art history at uni with a much beloved feminist professor. We were discussing the Cabanel painting of the Birth of Venus in contrast to another of its time, Manet’s Olympia. My professor taught us that what made Olympia so modern and (at the time) shocking was the eye contact and mental engagement of the subject, whereas Cabanel painted his model with her mental organ pinned down by her hand. In a weird way, I’m tying this back to hats. Your brain, probably the most sexy body part you’ve got, is inside that head of yours, so cap it off with something worthy of what’s going on in there. Don’t pin it down with ridculous cheap looking details. Go for quality. Go for something that makes you feel confident and then sashay into a room like Pippa down the aisle.
Burp....
Week 7: Building Your Virtual Back Office
the smell of freshly cut hay,
Dies/Punches - Cheery Lynn Designs French Pastry doily and Martha Stewart edge punch
He answered, " I will give you your answer tomorrow... "
Decided we should not see
the kids are napping/quiet-timing.
Facts
While following others' blogs through the years, I would always get SO excited to see the ultrasound picture pop up in the blogroll when someone would announce their pregnancy. Now, it's our turn and I hope you are all as equally excited as we are! We got to tell my dad, stepdad and lots of friends last week while we were in Seattle. It was so wonderful to see the surprise, shock and joy on their faces.
But the fate of the species is unimportant compared with having had a hand in bringing that fate into being.
Brain Candy:
Not only do they pay bupkis, they don't even have a beach house in Hawaii! Cheap-ass bastards.
It is then that the Tower’s helical super-symmetry becomes evident on every scale, in every location.
I am deeply concerned that the Australian Government is selling a ‘patent’ on our daily bread to foreign biotech corporations.
With my upcoming travel plans, I spend a lot of time performing internet searches on various European cities. That is how I stumbled upon the Let’s Go site, which contains a wealth of valuable information about popular tourist destinations, from where to sleep to what to wear.
when we can do it all again.
Lately I've been seriously getting into Highlife tunes from Benin City (no relations to Benin the country). Benin City is the capital of Edo state in Southern Nigeria and birthplace of Sir Victor Uwaifo. I hope you will enjoy this music as much as I do. All these songs are really long, I only managed to fit seven of them into this mix that runs well over 1 hour... I don't like to cut tracks short. To me the length of these tracks matches the trance inducing nature of the music.
I tried on a pair of jeans the next size down and I'm just not quite there yet, maybe about 5 more pounds and I will be. So I will have to keep wearing these for the time being despite the daily protests of my mother.
Listen below and let me know what you think.
Now to re-read this with our socialist spectacles on, we need to note two things. First of all, Nietzsche speaks of an essentially symbolic or emotional threat, but whereas he projects the source and essence of suffering onto the sufferers, we can see what’s really at issue – those whose happiness relies on the suffering of others must separate their happiness from any consciousness of that suffering. They must repress it from their awareness, and must deny it to themselves, in order that they can continue to accept and maintain the system that produces it. They need to have their cake and eat it too.
Here is the finished product
thick pouring cream, to serve (or creme fraiche)
It has been confirmed that Jane's Addiction is playing the party. I'm beyond words!
ePacket can be used for packages up to 2,000g (EMS is 30,000g) and is trackable online and insured. ePacket is not as expensive as EMS and only slightly slower with packages from Japan to the USA, for example, taking 5 days. ePacket parcels are treated as First Class mail in the USA.
On the other side of a week, I can still taste the disappointment. Not just from not getting to see him, but from the end of a crush that consumed far too many of my thoughts during the months it was going on.
A swarm. Best strategy is to keep moving and use broad, sweeping strikes. Tawa instructed. And don't give them a chance to jump on you all at once.
So I'm driving through Hollywood in a ton of traffic, and at one point I came to a stop behind a sleek black convertible sports car in the left-turn lane. When the light turned to a green left-turn arrow, he just sat there and after the car behind me honked I gave a little honk myself just to play along, and I guess the guy didn't like being pulled away from the text he was sending because he raised his arm up high and gave us all the finger.
Ignored - 4
It is believed that John was a cousin to Jesus because Salome is identified as the wife of Zebedee, the mother of James and John, two of the Apostles of Jesus, and also as the sister of Mary, mother of Jesus. As family they no doubt grew up together and likely were best friends since childhood. John without question felt he knew Jesus extremely well, knew his nature, and the heart of him, and there is no doubt that John loved Jesus dearly. This was a bond likened unto David and Jonathan. So what is John trying to tell us about the nature of Jesus in this story?
This lovely award has been forwarded to me by Jasline from Food Is My Life and Kajal from Purple Chronicle. I am honored that both Jasline and Kajal has forwarded this award to me. Both ladies have beautiful sites with lovely recipes and musings, be sure to stop by and say hello.
I left Sharon to watch the grand prix on iplayer and headed for the pub. Frankly I was half way drunk before I got here, so the two pints I'm planning to have will find me either fully drunk at home or in a ditch halfway there.
9.) Glee (the plot is stupid but I just love the songs, and if you don’t think while watching it, you’ll enjoy it)
Had a nerve wracking evening. Went out to feed last night, brought the horses in, fed them as usual. Emma wouldnt eat. Now if you know this horse, that is not a good thing! I pulled her feed and caught her. I then took her out to see if she was interested in grass at all and walked her some. No go, all she would do is push at the grass. This mare has never refused food in her life! In fact its hard to keep her out of the fresh grass when I take her out in the yard to hose her off or whatever. She stretched a little and peed while I had her out. I brought her back in and locked her outside gate, she usually comes and goes as she pleases.
The compositions that Monroe called “true songs” are among my favorites. They manage to sound as old as the hills, even as they tell tales drawn directly from Big Mon’s outsized biography. The number featured here, “My Little Georgia Rose,” is said to be one of these “true songs,” and now is perhaps not the occasion to spell out its presumed meaning in full. Let’s just say that a painful revelation may lie beneath its cheerful veneer. By most accounts, Monroe was complex and often difficult, yet however we may judge him as a man, surely a large part of his genius as an artist was his fearlessness in putting the whole sprawling mess of his life out there in his music.
The decor was very rustic and had a real buzz about it. There were lots of staff running around a huge open plan kitchen right in the dining room, which was great as you could see how all the food was cooked (... another good sign).
A truck comes to a halt on the Syria-Turkey border, a group of refugees from the violence-torn country piles out, and only a barbed wire fence stands between them and freedom.
Some critics of Epicurus claim that he doesn’t factor in the complex reaction to the finality of human life, particularly when such strong bonds exist between us. But this, again, is not unique to humanity. Apes, whales, dolphins, and elephants form bonds and the death of loved ones is extremely painful and traumatic. Elephants are known to visit the graves of their family members and observe in what appears to be a solemn state when in the presence of the bones of their ancestors.
And like every video library, there are those you lend out.
I just so happened to see the freshly pressed post about Positano, on the Eat and relish blog, so I couldn’t help but snoop around for more-which led me to another great post about Rome, and a few more on Italian dishes and recipes! Make sure you check it out! Loads of fabulous photos as well, which, for me, really sells it when it comes to travel and food blogs! I know, I’m a sucker for pretty things! Definitely gonna keep an eye on this one.
According to this book everyone is capable of time travel. We can access history as it really happened, without later exaggeration or bias. We can also heal ourselves by coming to terms with our past lives.
Three flights later I was finally at the Jorge Chavez International airport in Lima, Peru. Stressed and exhausted I made my way through customs, had my passport stamped and walked through the arrival flights gate. To my astonishment, there were hundreds of people on the other side of the door yelling and waving signs waiting for their loved ones to walk through the door. After pushing through the crowd I saw a familiar face on the other side and butterflies began to flourish in my stomach. After months of Skype I was finally with her again. Next to her was her mother and her brother. My Spanish instantly went out the door but I had my trustee sidekick of a girlfriend who helped translate and we managed. We found a taxi and started the 40 minute journey to Los Olivos where they lived. In order to get there we had to drive through a few impoverished areas. The roads were covered in dust and trash. Stray dogs were everywhere and the taxi driver was driving like a complete maniac. Later I came to find out that almost all Peruvians drive like maniacs and getting hit by an automobile was a common occurrence. After getting through the rough parts we made it to her house. We arrived and I met her father. He was very nice but just like the rest of her family, his English was minimal. I tried to converse in Spanish with her father. He looked at me in awe and started laughing.
So what's the deal with Scott Bakula, is this some kind of "Quantum Leap" cross-over?
i might do one big post tomorrow with the past week,
Hurley’s Camaro: $24,000
Parallel
My educational background is in business and I studied at Algonquin College and University of New Brunswick. I was also studying to be a CGA (Certified General Accountant) while working at a public practice accounting firm for 5 years. I left work back in 2007 to stay home with my kids and because I developed a chronic pain condition called vulvodynia that made it very difficult to work. I am taking some time off to get better and hope to eventually go back to school and start a new career. After dealing with my health for so long, I am thinking of doing something in the medical field like nursing.
This is what happens when you expect one generation to pick up the tab for the other generation, while simultaneously creating an environment that handicaps them at every stage when they try to get ahead under their own steam. Sure, cut my student allowance and make my life more miserable. But don’t expect any sympathy when national super is slashed in the coming decades and our grey-haired elite find themselves restricted to dry biscuits and mince.
AF: I can’t get into specifics but there are some mind-blowing revelations to come. The Hunt is a trilogy, so two more books to come.
“He gave me some advice and he told me he’s very proud of the way I’ve performed,” Pasion said.
And it’s going to take a while before any of our heroes figure it out. Of course, I am sure the reader will have figured it out…and will be screaming at the book. This is one of my favorite parts. You know, its like yelling at the characters in a horror movie you’re watching on television NOT to go into the basement, but they ALWAYS go into the basement. You know it’s coming, it’s frustrating, but it’s part of the plot. If they don’t go into the basement, there’s not much point in continuing the story, is there? The problem is never confronted, the story isn’t finished, and they live happily but ignorantly ever after…or something.
Things pick up in At the Gates more or less mere moments after things left off in Resurrection. Frank Trigg's angelic cousin showed up at his front door, beaten to within an inch of her life and bearing the news that Heaven has fallen. That's a lot to take in all at once and before he can wrap his brain around all that, Frank is forced into action as he must deal with a trio of thugs sent to put an end to his cousin, Scarlett.
Maybe just as well, as the place is one of the tiniest around- only helped by a beer garden that is almost double the size of the interior.
Author Celebrity Assoc.
The Avengers is an Upcoming American movie produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. Movie ia based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast.Development of The Avengers began when Marvel Studios received a grant from Merrill Lynch in April 2005..
12 minutes I had to cover my nose and mouth in Missouri. Who knew the border of that state was so stinky?...
Debbie "What could you do better next time so this doesn't happen again?"
And dutifully, speculate is what Joe does. When it comes to ebook sales and its wider impact on publishers and readers, that’s all we can do—speculate. All we can be sure of is that the ebook is on a massive growth curve. Caress and love the growth curve yearly, and you can be sure it will continue to hold a steady shape and rise to the heavens. Look closer at that growth curve, whether it is month on month or day by day, and the shape will change. Sales gurus with their bright whiteboards and squeaky pens call it the ‘S’ curve. It’s often how a new product, service or innovation behaves after launch.
3. When the wood is completely dry, add the legs! I purchased 4 VIKA lage legs from IKEA (total cost $40!). I actually tried to get a welder to weld some metal legs for me but it would have cost me $200 per leg, so obviously I opted to find cheaper alternatives.
I could have said something about unicorns instead of donkeys and that unicorns went extinct, but that would have been an undesirable current result instead of that donkeys are alive and well in the present which is a good thing.
Z: Zermatt, Switzerland. Although I have been to Switzerland (Lucerne, and a few other places) with my husband….stayed in hostels, ate on the cheap but garnered a pocketful of lovely memories….I haven’t been to Zermatt. I have only seen the posters. It is one of those places on our bucket list, but will have to wait until we have seen Australia, and New Zealand.
I wanted my title to be clever and the play on words was too perfect to resist. It was a long process, don't let my succinct answer fool you!
My trip to the circus included me being daring enough to get my photo taken with a real live tiger… Hopefully I can post a copy of it soon (I need to figure out a way to scan it). That tiger and I looked into each other’s eyes, and I was pretty excited, I mean how often to you get to stand next to a tiger less than a foot away?! It was odd. I thought about fear and how it holds us back from so much… sometimes it can protect us, but it also needs to be managed like a adviser, taking it’s suggestions and considering the options.
Sid drilled the accelerator as hard as he could and the little turd bogged down, but not much happened. The back bumper of the car was dragging along the highway and the truck was picking up speed.
The ball is scheduled to start tonight at 12:00 midnight sharp, but my dearest friends, Edna St. Vincent Millay and Eugen Jan Boissevain drove all the way from Steepletop in their open Cadillac roadster, arriving scandalously early. Fresh from the bath, I greet them in my white fluffy terrycloth robe, hair towel wrapped.
Bad Shit *
A 4 Life Path is one of justice, equality, and practicality. You’ll spend your lifetime working toward your goal. Even when you attain what you think you want, you’ll go on and lay foundations for other acquisitions. Always working, always building, so goes a 4, but with a great capacity for patience, you’re well prepared for it.
Accessorizing her look with a metallic clutch and YSL tribute heels, the first-time mom-to-be chose a Clover Canyon dress for the summer themed event.
Help support the Brooklyn Greenway Initiative by attending their Sunday Afternoon Garden Party at one of the Waterfront's newest restaurants, Pok Pok NY on Columbia Street.
Match 2: R-Truth defeated Cody Rhodes
I asked the Demos Director about how the members of the commission were selected and she confirmed that they had been effectively handpicked by Lord Falconer himself. She didn't go as far as saying they had been interviewed by DID CEO Sarah Wootton and Terry Pratchett himself (and I didn't ask), but that might be a good line of questioning for journalists.
This is definitely my all time favourite dress. I bought it because I had seen Britney wearing it and although originally I had absolutely no intention of wearing it, I do wear it quite often. But probably not often enough as it is a body con dress which means that it really clings to the figure and unfortunately I'm not confident enough. But I do really love it. Especially the colour.
Because you don’t see the results you want yet from all the time and money you have invested, doesn’t mean you haven’t had results.
Me: No it is not, you’re supposed to use your imagination and play with the hot dog truck.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, more than 34.6 million adults ages 18 and above do not have a high school diploma. In an effort to combat this critical issue, the Ad Council and the Dollar General Literacy Foundation joined today to launch new public service advertisements (PSAs) on behalf of their national GED Achievement campaign.
In the past, CUNY has had to make difficult financial and academic decisions in order to continue to provide higher educational opportunities. Prior to the 1970’s, a CUNY education was free to New York City students, a system referred to as ‘open admissions’. Under open admissions, Black and Latino attendance rates grew substantially. Facing a fiscal crisis, the CUNY system began imposing tuition fees on students. By the 2000’s, to meet the still-evolving academic standards of today’s working world, CUNY raised admission standards following reports that students in the four-year colleges were not meeting competitive standards. Throughout these changes, the University has remained true to its legacy of providing low and mid-income individuals with quality educational opportunities.
Hard to disagree with that. I understand Wisner also believes that were Merkel and Sarkozy to lose their upcoming elections, this would be a disaster for US diplomacy. It sounds too as if Wisner thinks Obama’s foreign policy is woefully inept. But if there’s one thing everyone agrees about with FLW, it’s that he’s a hard-assed American patriot. My Washington source again:
I’ve seen this with gamblers and people struggling with obesity. Sure, if you want to lose weight you probably need to start eating healthy food and exercising, but without tackling the real cause of unquenchable dissatisfaction the problem will still be there. I once met a gambler who lost serious amounts of money on a regular basis, far more than you or I probably live on. The thing was, this guy actually new a lot about gambling. He knew how to play to increase the odds in his favour. But he didn’t. Why? Because loosing gave him fuel, it gave him fire, and it even more – a story which gave him reason to be almost constantly angry. The thing was, this guy didn’t have a gambling problem. Not from my perspective anyway. His was an emotional problem that we were able to identify in moments.
5dpt.. Morula is completely inmplanted in the lining and has placenta cells & fetal cells
Here is a brief history of my relationship with coleslaw.
Such a tragic fallout for so many people from just a moment’s stupidity! The message is inescapably, painfully clear: Think. Don’t’ drink and drive. (My $100 today goes to support the DUI education program that can never bring back the two grandparents who perished, but that may help Chris Sandy prevent another tragedy with his searing message to high schools & college students that he continues to give today.) ~~~~~~
BLITZER: Well what about Ron Paul’s policy?
4, Your Bank Name
And what could possibly be the cause of all this ridiculous drama? The administration of my university of course. It's a long and convoluted story and I don't want to bore you with the details but I will say this - they gave me a panic attack and put me through a whole lot of BS that I shouldn't have had to deal with. I'm very thankful that it all worked out in the end though, and now I can stop worrying.
They are all unable to make plans further than three days in advance. The last three women I've found myself attracted to have all done the same thing where they just can't actually plan a head, for example:
As you know, Jennifer at Savor The Thyme and I are very pleased to offer a fantastic no-kitchen-should-be-without-one prize for this year's Eating Your Words challenge - a beautiful æbleskiver pan, courtesy of Aunt Else's Æbleskiver. However, this means that there must be one winner, which in turn means that someone has to choose said winner. While you may rest assured that my co-host Jennifer is the picture of unimpeachable integrity, I, on the other hand, am easily bribed with pancakes.
And the mome raths outgrabe.
I only have a few small kitchen appliances. Toaster, crock pot, etc. I don't even have a waffle maker because I prefer a turkey sandwich for breakfast and so do my kids.
Finally, I also noted last night how this win decisively proved the case for the Islamisation of Western Europe made by Kent Ekeroth in an interview last week on RT, where he was harangued as a fantasist by the others speakers and even the host.
8 ounces of frozen heart-shaped Americano
“Oh! Oh of course. Well last night it was pretty yucky. Made quite a mess in the kitchen, let me tell you.”
I hope you are all happy & well this morning.
People leave companies that have managers who don’t seem to care whether their subordinates succeed in what they do or not. They resign when they know they’re not in good hands. They turn their backs on companies whose designated leaders don’t make an effort to touch base with their employees on a regular basis to evaluate how they are executing everything that has been planned and make sure their people are not having difficulties.
10. Owning three new tattoos: an einkorn plant on the inside of each forearm going from the center of my palm up to the inside of my elbow:
All right, I'm getting carried away. The fact is that sunchokes are fairly ugly little brown tubers and pretty much unavailable in Alaska. When I saw them in the list of possibilities for the CSA box that arrived this week, I was at least smart enough to order double of them.
You could even deliberately seek out all those streets in the city that have no superlunary correspondence at all, that map to no stars, that refer to no constellations, refusing to emulate the ways of heaven.
Again, I ask, what's the hurry?
I yelled: “THEY’RE RUNNING! OPEN FIRE!”
The fabric for the dress is a pain to sew because it frayed very easily. Once I got the top done I started to work on the symbol.
I took them to lunch at Firehouse Subs so she could claim her free birthday sub (it's a HUGE medium sub!) - which I ate and thoroughly enjoyed! Bought 2 kids meals (turkey subs) for them :) Callie ate the WHOLE thing and Caleb ate almost his whole sandwich. I remember the days when the kids would just eat a few bites off mine, or they could share one kids meal. Those days are LONG gone!
Hubby is, of course, upset that England is out of the World Cup... personally I am kind of glad there are no more "life-altering" matches we HAVE to available to watch. I mean, he will watch the rest of the matches, but if one is missed-- it isn't a tragedy. I'm soccered out! Glad this only rolls around once every 4 yrs. I'm ready for some good ol' AMERICAN football!
Renovations
If only the loom and the thread were whole.
BF: The public nuclear devices are under strict safety protocols. You can’t just take them and then blow them up somewhere. There are too many people involved in the chain of command.
There is something magical about walking around where Jesus walked,
Therapist: Sorry for my words. That is my fear. Your parents scare me. What could be done to keep you safe? If you talk to your sister, she can give you notice if they are to fly or drive out here, you can quickly be scarce, but if you go out to them…you need a plan.
The man standing before the desk was in Official mode.
Take My Breath Away - The Flying Pickets (Berlin W’86)
The road towards Aljezur was calmer than we expected. Which is the thing with maps of areas that you do not know. It is an N category, the N268 to be precise and looks just as red on our map as any other main road. The first traffic island had cows grazing on it, watched over by a farmer of indeterminable age who spent his days leaning against a stick.
Like I said, I expected this kind of reaction, but it hurts anyway - no matter what you expect - when someone you like and respect doesn't fawn over your book like you envisioned them doing. I've had this happen again and again and again with my writing, published and not published. I've also had some readers love my work when I thought they'd hate it. Go figure!
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Or are they trying to make it so those of us that are not great at PvP will just stop all together. Heck there is no reward for open world PvP. I get no valor, or commendations or anything doing that. Yet they just put in a bunch of content that promotes open world combat.
Third site will be on the back of my right arm and will be removed in two more weeks, when I go in to have the stitches removed from the site on my chest.
Please, continue to spread the word about the card drive! The delay in surgery just allows us more time to collect cards.
1 1/4 c whole-wheat flour
“In the past we were speaking in one voice to all audiences,” he said. “There’s different things, there’s different reasons, why students and faculty might use this, and there’s different reasons why the community might use this.”
Altered Digital Photograph
“Time,” he said
We slept in, and woke up to more snow! We had nutella in our oatmeal, then went to visit our pigs. Tobogganing down the hill got lots of snow up my back, but it was SO fun! I took Izzie down with me a few times, and Ben and I went together. Tons of fun!
It's the demagogic politics of bread and circuses. When a polity is dominated by the politics of purely emotional appeal - and almost nowhere has been immune to it -these democratic shortcomings lead to sub-optimal government. Vote stupid? Pay later!
I continued hiking another half mile to the summit. From here, you really felt like you were “on top of the world”, or in this case; on top of the island!! It was fun to look at all the different bodies of water, which after living and hiking here for nearly five months, I was able to identify quickly. It is difficult to convey the sense of spaciousness one gets from this vantage point, but it the photographs below, I try. (Remember, any of these images can be viewed full screen by clicking on, then using your brower’s “back” button to return to the post.)
A few years later the homeowners, for what ever reason, need to move and sell the property: the only problem being that they are very likely upside down in their mortgage. In other words, they owe more money on the house now than it is worth, especially considering the fact that their HELOC was obviously not used to take care of the home and increase or maintain it's value.
There beneath the crescent moon
balanced past the park
Fashion, fashion, fashion. That’s been the continual highlights of my week so far. From tailoring and fashion training, to the Hermès exhibition and last but by no means least, there’s been the Met Ball.
Nope. I didn’t.
No place to eat, no place to sit.
There are a few ways I do this. (Keep in mind this is free time, not time I’m studying or housework time).
These are all the things that have been stirring around in my heart and head the last few weeks. I believe He has been using my circumstances, experiences and emotions to teach me more about who He is and about my weaknesses and insecurities, so He could bring victory in those areas of struggle through the power of His Spirit at work in me.
Wednesday - smoked salmon crepe cakes
He said to his men, “Go and tell Hundungu that the midzimu of the vaNhohwe have confirmed the chieftainship of Mangwende in your house.” Hundungu sent his man to Chinamora to thank him for the advice which had made him a chief. He gave two oxen to Chinamora and they became friends.
This is quite a long video clip but listen to the Mayor of Philadelphia talking about similar issues in the USA. This man has got the balls that David Lamentable is missing.
To keep my modding morale up, I need to do beautiful things in-between crappy LOD. That’s why I’ve also dedicated some of my energy today to detailing the terrain of The Frontier. There are some random beautiful pictures from The Frontier down below.
But what truly blows my mind to shreds are not the Mitt Romneys of the world, or the people making so much money it can't possibly be spent on any personal "needs" without appearing to be a complete and total self-absorbed prick with horrific taste in chandeliers. If a family of 8 could live comfortably in your master bath and walk-in closet, you might need to take a step back and self-evaluate.
Peer review is a vital part of scientific publishing but the culture of peer review must evolve. It must be rigorous to ensure the quality of published research, but equally it must not be allowed to cause endless delays, which works against the best interests of the wider research community. eLife’s editorial scientific team, led by Professor Schekman, will have the authority and the responsibility to use their judgement and to decide on a case by case basis to publish papers without the authors necessarily having to address every criticism raised in the peer review process. It would be harder, we believe, for people who are not active researchers to make such bold decisions.
Look, my heart is pounding
Ramon declined to comment for this article. “I have written and said what I had to say,” she told the Forward.
i was a bloody stump
Last month, Planet Money did a great report on the Tappan Zee Bridge. (For the short attention span crowd, here's the five-minute version.) David Kestenbaum noticed that the bridge was built in a really stupid place, at the widest point in the entire river, on soft ground far above the bedrock. I had kind of noticed that too, but I assumed that the people involved knew what they were doing. Ha!
Yes, let’s honour them all. We tried to take away their freedom. Let’s acknowledge, too, all the other invaders we’ve treated as pariahs upon their return: Dr B’s generation saw the Vietnam War inflict its long damage. We remember that, too. And we remember that, yet again, our government sent our military personnel to invade another country. Lest we forget, indeed.
“ You hypocrites! Isaiah prophesied rightly about you when he said: ‘This people honors me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me; in vain do they worship me, ….’” (Matt. 15:7-9)
Performing Arts
Way back in May I purchased a bottle of Foothill brewery’s Hoppyum, while on a trip to North Carolina. I was really looking for their winter seasonal, Sexual Chocolate, but the store had long since run out, and there has been much hype about their IPA so I picked it up. It sat in the fridge, ever since, waiting for a good event to have it. I’m not a hops-head so I was also saving it for a day when I would say “right bring on the hops.” In the end I decieded that I would share it with my friend Aaron, since he likes hops heavy beers, that way if I didn’t like it there was more of a chance someone would drink it. This weekend’s camping trip was that day.
But what if you want to read something different? You scan the predictable list of genres—horror, check; sci-fi, check; romance, check; thriller, check—but there’s no entry for ‘different’ or ‘quirky’ or ‘wait till you read this folks’ and that’s a shame because I find that most people are generally attracted to things that are out of the ordinary, once their attention is drawn to them, if the person who’s trying to catch your eye can find some way to shout louder than all the other people out there who are clamouring for your attention.
Than all the prouder summer-blooms may be.
Robert Pattinson is on a roll, Twilighters. It was just announced that the beloved actor has joined director David Michod’s “The Rover,” also starring Guy Pearce.
Clearly, I better up the photo count this week, because I am blathering and I need less words and more photos.
Basically it leaves out the use of electrical appliances so you hand chop the pesto and it makes so much difference. Instead of being a paste it becomes a very fine salsa and the flavours can be distinguished. Personally I love it. I even enjoyed the process.
"Ev, your hair needs cut a little, too. So I am gonna do you next, ok?"
Public ownership of the public sector and the infrastructure of the state is regarded as a good thing in Scotland, far less so across the UK, and the argument that the public sector drags down the private sector is contested vigorously here but appears to be accepted wisdom across the UK – even when the private sector turned to the public sector recently and begged for investment in massive public sector procurement projects to help the private sector. ‘Project Privatise UK’ which has appeared in many guises over the years has been met with increasing opposition in Scotland – even to the point of turning it back (the SNP Government, obviously, but don’t forget that the last administration did their bit with things like the Skye Bridge). While there continue to be moves afoot in the UK to toll roads Scotland has removed tolls from bridges because they are part of the roads network (again, the SNP Government with panache but the previous mob also got into the act with the Erskine Bridge).
We did the walk to Buckingham Palace, Her Majesty did not invite us in for a Bier, or even a cuppa’. We then walked through Belgrave Square past many embassies before arriving at Wellington Arch. Somehow instead of Piccadilly, we ended up walking towards its continuation, Knightsbridge. This meant a visit to Harrods.
Things Reviewed:
The Artist and The Fitness Gal are gone to youth group and the kids and I are on our own for the evening. We played a game of Farkle and the 4 year old gave us quite a run for our money! Baby Girl won in the end though.
( I wonder how can I make this interesting )
On my left hand i decided to sort of colour block version of Andrea's design Im not sure i love it cos it looks a little too busy, i would probably like it better if it was the same colours for all the nails on that hand! Hehe oh well!
And with that, he went back to eating his pancakes, and drinking his milk, chattering on and on about school and what he would do that day.
8.Release The Bats.
In the air
Yes. Fin.
As I’m sitting here blogging, he is working to assemble and install a new light for our kitchen. He’s been at it for three hours (on a Sunday afternoon). And, it’s not because the old light bothered him in the least. But, he knows that it would make his hormonal, pregnant wife very, very happy.
The sleek new interior space – two city blocks long, eight storeys high and a quarter of a block wide – will come equipped with banks of new computers and, for the first time in two generations, a lending library. It will give a dramatically more modern look and feel for the system's central branch.
Looking for serial number 5 to complete the first page....anyone!!
Growing up we never ate beets in our household, it was just one of those vegetables that my mom never cooked for dinner. Daikon, natto, gobo root- sure...beets? Nope. So, my first encounter with beets didn't come until I was well into college and unfortunately it wasn't on a plate...it was in a diaper. A rather full and overflowing diaper at that. Let me back up a bit.
IP: Agree on minimum pricing in principle – but not sure it’s going to work. Hope it does. I think we need to go a bit further.
it sheds
snack: a vanilla lowfat sugar free yogurt with some toasted almonds on top.
Metroid Prime (Wii) 2 or (GCN)
We arrived early for the concert at 6:30pm and realised we were too early. The concert started at 8pm so we had a good walk around Southwell to kill some time and also had a lemonade and a cosy chat at a really ancient wooden beamed pub that will be hosting an acoustic event on the 7th April. I'm taking my guitar along for a song.
While I generally don’t analyze my dreams, I know my dreamscape for this dream was pulled from this experience last week. In recent weeks I’ve had many dreams about death and finality (probably due to taking a psychology of death class), but this was a change of pace.
So it has been a little over a year since I gave birth to my precious twins. My life has really changed since January 18, 2010. I still can't believe how fast that year has gone and I no longer have newborns but two children entering the toddler stage.
as well as sex
I look to the Rock,
Robin Jones will focus on the Americans with Disability Act (ADA) and other disability rights laws that impact housing, employment, travel, education, telecommunications, voting and other areas of importance.
Yes babies are cute - I have one so I know. They coo and giggle and men and women have been known to go gaga over them. But when it comes to your wedding you have to think about the bigger picture.
–GREAT GRAY OWL, NW of Cochrane, Twp Rd 290, RK.
In any case, after grilling me about my weekend plans and advising me that I should probably not go to work on Monday (if only…), we got down to business, swinging weights.
ever manage to homeschool for three years without a laminator? I could easily
Wash the dreidels with soap and water. Some of our dreidels had smudges of chocolate on them since some of the game players ate their loot.
At the age of 45 I started a PGCE; I lost my dad; I got rejected for the many jobs I applied for and I felt old and useless.
5. Prefer Facebook or Twitter? Facebook.
“Odd noises are rarely caused by other worldly things,” Sci Fi Channel’s Ghost Hunter Jason Hawes said with a smile. Hawes is a real life Roto-Rooter plumber in Rhode Island. “Most of the time, these unexplained, strange noises are actually a sign of plumbing problems that can, in most instances, be easily fixed.”
I received a text message after a minute or two. It included the details leading to that particular man I needed to meet. Damon, he said his name was when we first met and I thought that it suited him well. His eyes were of crimson and it wasn’t common around here. The closest I had seen were orange and they often meant that they were new. New he might be but he was popular in the area. He was muscular and everything about him depicted, ‘sexy’. It took a twenty minutes walk to the bar named in the text.
KBS World Radio also offers Korean lessons. The best thing here is that they have the explanations in 10 different languages! The grammar explanations are brief (I love loooong explanations that cover all rules and exceptions), but they have lots of example dialogues with audio for lots of different situations.
though without right to reason
Or I could talk about how this morning was the first day she needed to be dressed.
Spread batter into a greased, wax paper lined 11x15 jelly roll pan. Make sure you grease the pan before putting in the wax paper and then grease the wax paper before pouring in the batter. Bake at 350 for 10-15 minutes or until cake springs back when touched in the center. You don't want to over bake it. The cake will crack easily when you roll it if you do. If it does crack, you can cover the cake roll with a little more powdered sugar.
I'm so excited to see what the other bloggers who are involved in this week picked for their projects, and what colors they chose to use! Next up tomorrow is one of my favorite ladies and stylists, miss Emily Henderson who always knows how to work in some good color. Be sure to check her out!
Saturday I woke up with an excruciating migraine, only to spend the day on the couch and the rest of it in the bathroom vomiting. Sunday I was recovering, but not well until about 7pm. Monday I was fine and went out shopping. Monday noticed my Betta fish wasn't looking so hot.
I hope your weekend is uncommonly good and full of unexpected blessings. Squeeze all you can out of each moment~
This morning I once again found myself in the RE’s office awaiting a beta test. A beta test that was so different from previous ones, because there was no anxiousness in the air. I knew I would not be checking my phone every 15 min. waiting for the results. These results would bring no excitement or joy.
That's the moral of the story I think.
Declaration: I will find new strength in the truth. I will stop trying to hide, out of fear of rejection. I will take comfort in the Word of God and find courage to keep moving forward.
I want to be in the moment as much as possible.
traveling alone.
The problem is, it's not just the GOPpers. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said recently it would be "irresponsible" to cut any more than already agreed to, that $487 billion over 10 years.
Meanwhile, however, two flowering plants I saw while out this a.m.,
Arrival at Downton ..(Highclere Castle)
You are my rock
Hot running water! (oh come on, you all know at least once you didn't have hot water for one reason or another! Isn't it fantastic when we have it???)
I have been lazy. Lounging around all sloth like on the couch eating bad food and feeling...UGH.
I’d listen to the rippling of the water and the cries of birds as the creaking of the old floating dock as it moved about in the center of the swimming area.
embarrassed when he placed my foot
We've seen that much in Terminator 2: Shocking Dark and Jaws 5: Cruel Jaws... so it would seem that not only do they like ripping off American flicks, but Italians like also to film with American casts and make them say stupid things. Must be in retaliation or World War II is all I can think of.
These examples combined with Flit’s marriage to a woman he loves but was not in love with, goes some way toward explaining his actions at the start of Asemu’s story. The only way Flit knows how to be a dad is not to be there.
“The fact that our father was a prominent, internationally known and widely respected physician – and his brother, who had introduced us to this LSD horror, was a prominent, internationally known and widely respected psychiatrist – made it impossible to expose them or go against them. Their reputations were more important to them than the health and well being of my sister.
The other reason we might care about literary prizes even if they do not accurately gauge achievement is, well, people care about literary prizes. Literary prizes are the last stage of the mainstream curation stage that starts with agents, then to publishers, then to reviewers, and then to awards panels. For many readers, a literary prize gives them the confidence to buy/borrow a novel/biography/history because they think that it is a fairly reliable indicator of quality.
"What school did you go to?"
So I was jogging along our neighborhood's main thoroughfare when I hear the laughter of young girls coming up behind me. They were also singing, and as they passed me on their bicycles I hear "Jesus loves me this I know, for the Bible tells me so..." They were in the 13-15 age range, voices fading as they disappeared down the street. Considering the normal run of things, it seemed bizarre and refreshing at the same time. I went around the lake and on the leg home I'm huffing and puffing uphill through a fairly ritzy area (by my standards) when I'm brought up short by some words carved into the concrete sidewalk, presumably many years ago when it was first poured. Or, if it had been resurfaced, not so many years ago: Do justly, love mercy, walk humbly with your Lord. Right there in upscale suburbia.
These are determined at the time the goal was scored so regardless of how the game ended up, it’s the situation in the game at the time that matters.
I’m proud that Planned Parenthood is in our neighborhood and you should be too.
Meanwhile, shall we dance?
We decided to watch a TED talk on contentment before tackling our writing exercise. I'm really looking forward to this one, much more so than the Bucket List (which I really thought I wanted to do, but found much more challenging than I expected).
The next couple of days, we stayed in. We had sick kiddos and the rain was bad, even for Vancouver. We didn't do much more than walk to the theater across the street for their Toonie Tuesday showing of The Adventures of Tin Tin. Because of the rain and the sickness, we decided that we were going to rent a car so that we could get around town faster and drier and actually see some things for the last 1/2 of the week. It was a great use of the money and we are so glad that we did it! I packed my purse full of tylenol, advil, and mucinex, and we hit the road!
or at cockcrow, or in the morning.
Poly- had on hand
It is helpful to have some idea of the scale of what is needed in year 1 so that you have some idea whether your budget is going to be heroically stretched or barely dented. This will of course depend on your starting point. If your wardrobe is virtually empty that is a very different starting point from someone who has a good number of clothes already but looking to build up their collection. It might be that in a particular year you have a particular area of focus. In my case it was suits in year 1, shirts in year 2, and shoes in year 3.
White House Tech Office Launches R&D "Dashboard" - not to be outdone by the USPTO, the White House’s science and technology office announced the launch of the beta version of its R&D Dashboard, a website to track where federal funding for research and development is going and what impact it’s having. In a nutshell, the Dashboard tracks the first infusion of federal cash (the “award”) and proceeds to track whether federal funding led to significant outcomes, such as publications and patent applications (link).
Sweet Mother is updated daily. You can follow by clicking the follow button at the top of this blog.
to like Halo. You think Middle Earth is a real place. You study obscure facts about World War II aircraft. You’ve read every work in the library’s biography section. Go on; raise your hand if you’re a nerd.
As this is supposed to be a card making blog I suppose I'd better show you one. Not a Christmas one either.
And when I arrived in the afternoon to pick up the tot, everybody was quietly gathered around the ‘Miss’ and listening to a story.
Björk stopped by several schools and orphanages while in Aceh Province — buildings that donated money helped to erect — and the trip, overall, had a profound impact on her, she said. The lingering devastation "hit me pretty hard," and her journey ultimately inspired several of the songs that'll appear on her forthcoming sixth studio LP, Volta, which is slated for a May 8 release.
This book was 20 pages and cost me $20AU to make, plus about $6 delivery. The quality is good, and I had complete control over layout and sizing.
How are media, and pop culture representations of disability viewed by the new generation of young people with disabilities?
TRUE CONFESSION TIME: I forgot what it was like to potty train. I know that Nick was a little older when he was potty trained, as was Cole. HannieCole was about this age and HailNo was younger. The older boys were harder than the girls FOR SURE!
6:30 – 9 p.m. Magic Hat Dinner, Beer Dinner in the Café
With all that is said, I cannot wait to have my first bite for Sunday’s dinner. (All I tasted was a carrot and half a tsp of sauce) I spent my Saturday evening baking with a niece — ham & pineapple pizza and apple pie. My boyfriend was ecstatic to serve it with spaetzle — he said it was good.
But no body said I can’t blame God!
I am not driving anyone to hate Magnum. I am not proclaiming sosyalism either. Sosyalness does not equate to irrational overpricing. Also, I am not proclaiming colonial mentality. If you enjoy local branded Ice Cream, you can choose Selecta but other variants instead, and not as bland as Magnum.
Focus: CAMSHAFTS
In his 1996 Declaration, bin Laden voiced his hatred of the US not because of its invasion of Iraq or the Afghanistan intervention, they were to come five and seven years later, but because of its presence in his own Saudi Arabia
A rich candidate may have the right to try to buy an election, but that candidate should not have the ability to pay for a campaign by giving a mortgage on his future votes.
If you can dream – of a country we could be;
The People’s Assembly shall put its rules of procedure to regulate the manner of working in it and the way of exercising its functions, and define terms of reference of the Assembly’ office.
After the child had been sick for seven days, he died… David comforted his wife Bathsheba and slept with her. Later on, she gave birth to another son and named him Solomon.
Proposals within the Crime and Security Bill - published last week - will for the first time put a time limit, in most cases six years, on how long profiles are stored when the alleged offender is either not charged or later cleared.
Shag stepped up to the ageing whippet.
If you are going to be doing all of the work for me, I really think you deserve some of the money, don’t you? I’m really excited about this (very unfortunate) situation. I have been working my butt off for years and finally I’m going to get some of the money I deserved. Do you think you can give me your contact information? I feel more comfortable doing this on the telephone or on a web chat. Do you have Skype?
‘Till the Robo-Kitty
Pour this mixture onto the marinated chicken and mix well, making sure all the pieces are well coated with the paste
Gratitude is, first and foremost, a change in perception. Instead of seeing my life as not enough, the key is to see what I’ve been given as sufficient, or even abundant. I keep trying to “fill up” on noise and heat and light and activity, but I think that the trick is to empty out, to stop trying to take control of my own existence and just to be.
the prairies;
Dogville
3. Histoire, 2003
The dullest film of the year, or any other year, Jon Amiel’s plodding story of Charles Darwin’s struggle to write On The Origin of Species saw Paul Bettany share a scene with an orang-utan, who acts him off the screen.
The core of one of the most legendary touring bands of all time remains Phil Lesh (bass), Bob Weir (guitar), Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann (drums). New are keyboardists Jeff Chimenti and Rob Barraco, who migrated over from Weir’s side band, Ratdog. Jimmy Herring (lead guitar) has the job of standing in the swirling black hole created by the 1995 death of Jerry Garcia. And singer Joan Osborne is the latest recruit in the long-lived tradition of Dead-affiliated female backup singers, Susan Tedeschi (last time around with the Other Ones) and Donna Jean Godcheaux (early 1970s) the most notable.
Don’t bother concern trolling me. These men were/are horrible horrible horrible people who have coarsened the political discourse so that there really is no discourse anymore, nakedly hate and root for the downfall of a significant portion of their fellow citizens, and have–I’m just going to say it– probably caused actual deaths, with their rampant and unapologetic racism, misogyny and homophobia.
Amber's a prolific quilter, and always has great photos to show off her finished pieces. I just know you'll enjoy visiting her as much as I do!
No wonder all his records are sealed!
Opportunity cost is a funny thing. It's so fundamentally critical to game theory and the formation of a good game, but the inclusion of additional opportunities seem to increase the complexity in an almost exponential manner.
This company is ran through the ideas and
Klee struggled with colour, and many of his earlier paintings were black & white. This "long struggle with colour" was eventually overcome and Klee managed to produce over 9000 works. In his best year, 1939, he produced over 1200 works.
12.) Magic Girls
Our poor master bathroom has needed an update for awhile now, we finally saved up and decided to give it a little help. For some strange reason, there was carpet in there under the sinks. I don't know why anyone would want carpet in your bathroom! First off, we ripped out the carpet and put tile down. We found an awesome tile guy that was super reasonable and a very nice kid. He did an awesome job! He tiled our counter top, floors, and around our bathtub. Then we painted the cabinet a chocolate brown and got new sinks and brushed nickel faucets. We got a new light above the sinks at Lowe's and we framed out our mirror with some white molding. I love the way it updated our mirror. My hubby put a new rain shower in and a new shower faucet. I panited the walls a really nice gray/khaki color. I went to the "oops" paint section at Home Depot and got it for $5.00! We put in new baseboards and painted all the molding. We did all the work ourselves except for the tile. We did have a dear friend help us with the baseboards. Other then that, it was all us! We love Our new bathroom! Now off to the kitchen...
7. The most important thing is to have Fun!
This bunting or banner...whichever you prefer to call it. It seems to capture everything that summer ought to be. The granny chic fabrics conjure up sunny summer memories. If heaven had a lemonade stand...you bet it would be trimmed out with this!
Our next step was to go to CVS and get our "prescription" filled. On the way there I prayed a little prayer, "Please God, don't let me get pulled over with a zip lock baggy of baby powder in my front seat." Cheryl met us at the drive through window where I passed her the Rx along with the bag of goods. She returned a minute or so later, and explained how it would keep the scary bear and wolf away. Luke bought it hook, line and sinker.
The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck had a perpetually long line all day. Their menu was very creative. The choice of toppings was staggering and unusual for ice cream: olive oil and sea salt, ground wasabi peas, toasted curried coconut, trix cereal, mixed berries and saba, banana-Scharffen Berger cocoa puree, cayenne pepper and dulce de leche with crushed Nilla wafers. Crazy stuff!
Round The Twist, another DVD box set in my collection. I loved this programme, it was so different and that little bit more gross then anything else on TV at the time. Particular favourite episode is the one where Bronson finds a green cabbage patch baby.
“There is power in the streets but it needs to be used.”
easy-peasy and very outside my comfort-zone!
— Jamie Ludwig"
Life is only going to get more stressful, and I have to learn to handle it better. In the past, I handled stress with snacking and sugary foods. I think I've tackled that bad habit, but replaced it with other bad habits. Now that I'm aware of my problems, I think I can find healthier outlets for stress.
For feet, I splurge a little bit. You can use antiperspirants on your feet, and Certain Dri also makes a couple of products for feet that I've heard work quite well. I don't know about other dancers, but I can't bear the thought of wearing pantyhose, so to keep my shoes from
Here's the real reason for the anger.
I don’t know why I tell him this matter. It’s a disgrace and I ever told anyone about this, but now I tell this to Yoochun, a vampire.
a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil
The man looked at her and she glanced up, meeting his gaze. The streetlights flashed on his face, stealing all colour and warmth from his eyes. They were so cold that she couldn’t tear hers away. She stared into them, chilled by the detached air that he emanated but fascinated by him at the same time. Was he as empty inside as his eyes? She had never met anyone who looked as hollow and emotionless as this man did. Something terrible must have happened to him to make him look this way.
c. under Sir Ralph Abercrombie in Egypt, 1801,
The foe ofttimes, having the foe in sight,
Never use your scope out of a window.
Feminism needs to demand that fathers fully engage in the struggle to make parenting a joyful, cooperative stage of life, rather than a gendered minefield.
I begged the authorities to let me in Vain, but nothing I said would sway them.
Butterflies took up residence in my stomach as the time approached, but the time was usefully spent refining what I was going to say. The flutters multiplied when the phone went and they asked me to wait another 20 mins. Finally, they called and I was patched through to the studio. I listened to about 5 minutes of the programme and then, with a rather over-the-top introduction, I was live.
I was packed and ready to head to Grand Rapids for the annual Festival of Faith and Writing Conference at Calvin College. As I rechecked the contents of my briefcase and reviewed the workshop schedule, I savored the moments I would be able to indulge in the opportunity to hear Francine Rivers speak. I have always wanted to meet her. She is an incredible writer. Also, I looked forward to special meetings with other writers and editors. The three and a half hour drive to Grand Rapids would be long, but enjoyable as I had already packed the audio version of Karen Kingsbury’s Redemption Series to listen to as I traveled.
I'll let you know.
I'm sure it's the same with every other new parent... I had a moment of guilt today. Jacob and I were walking through the mall, one of my hands pushing the stroller the other holding Jacob's hand as he walked beside me. His little hand usually only holds our last two fingers... so here we are walking in the mall when he loses his step. Of course my pinky and ring finger aren't strong enough to hold his grip and he falls face first on the floor. It was our first injury! Two of his little teeth started bleeding, only a little bit, but still!!! It has now been confirmed that his blood is red! Thankfully I had a wise friend with me with two rough and tumble little guys, who assured me that he was fine and that he'd come through unscathed from the experience! Whew! I apologized profusely to my little boy, feeling guilty that I didn't hold a better grip of his hand, or that I didn't catch him! It wasn't a nice moment, that's for sure! I think we're doing pretty good though, seeing as we've been together for nearly a month and that was the first (of many, I'm aware) boo boo!
‘We are moving beyond Jesus’
14.Blue-Grey..Lt Grey..Ice Blue......Sharp Features
Television Personalities- And Don’t The Kids Just Love It, The Painted Word, Abba- Gold,
“I am the true vine, and my Father is the vinedresser. Every branch in me that does not bear fruit he takes away, and every branch that does bear fruit he prunes, that it may bear more fruit. Already you are clean because of the word that I have spoken to you. Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit by itself, unless it abides in the vine, neither can you, unless you abide in me. I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever abides in me and I in him, he it is that bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing. If anyone does not abide in me he is thrown away like a branch and withers; and the branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned. If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, ask whatever you wish, and it will be done for you. By this my Father is glorified, that you bear much fruit and so prove to be my disciples.” (John 15:1-8 ESV)
With faint memories of what we once wanted
Cut a fresh pineapple into chunks.
The top 20 nations according to this ranking are as follows. No surprises about which country is in first place but some of the other nations at the top of the table are perhaps a little surprising.
1 pound sea scallops, patted dry
The circles also help ensure heat is quickly dissipated, without being conducted down the handle, and providing extra grip.
My chance was there when Diesel lifted his boot off my back and I took it.
So, this Monday I woke up to a very good email from my university- “Your refund has been processed.” When I read the email, half asleep and super groggy, I thought I was reading something incorrectly. I thought maybe it says payment has been processed? I know I owed the library $2 of late fees. So I opened up the email and bam!
Row 18-21- ch1, turn, sc in 6sc.
Check out all the details about this challenge of "rolled flowers" and see if you can win 3 images from Saturated Canary. Woo hoo thanks to Krista!
My main goal was to find a good deal on an animal print rug that I've been wanting for a year now and Shan so sweetly obliged me.
Okay, here are two photos of the final products, with a 15mm orc lurking in the woods for reference:
Great.
Thanks for reading! =)
Expressway to Yr. Skull
And also, as you will notice that
Jasmine A. Summerville, 21, of Green Bay, Wis., was performing at Dancers Ranch, 7000 Sixth St. SW, when the assault happened Wednesday, said Cedar Rapids Police Lt. Charles Mincks. He said another stripper, 26-year-old Amber L. Ross, of 814 Third Ave. SW, was “screaming” and approaching Summerville in a “threatening manner.” Summerville allegedly bit Ross’ finger when it was pointed into her face.
I guess it’s never to early to instill a love for fitness and the outdoors!
You have to learn to manage your stress to get to bed too! If you are stressed you release stress hormones that put you in fight or flight response. You won’t be able to fall asleep because your body is preparing for fight or flight! Sleep is the last thing on your body’s agenda! Make sense? Corticotropin-Releasing Hormone impairs your sleep. When the balance of GH and CRH are off it is associated with aging and depression. When you are stressed you have less immune function. You have less ability to cope, and you have less ability to kill off changing cells. Everyone has cancer cells, with healthy immune function your miracle body is able to keep up and kill off the mutant cells but as your immune function lowers it’s harder to ward off and cells can multiply to rapidly for your immune system to keep up with. NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THAT YOU MANAGE YOUR STRESS. NOTHING ROBS YOU OF YOUR VITAL ENERGY FASTER THAN STRESS!!! STRESS STEALS THE VITAL ENERGY YOU NEED FOR YOUR BODIES REPAIRING AND INNATE HEALING RESPONSE TO WORK OPTIMALLY!!!
The usual practice of weekends in Spain IS different from what I do in America.
Am I actually staging a comeback?
Math ml support
This is where I should explain about my family members in Korea, I have an aunt (mom’s side) and a cousin who live here in Seoul. Before coming here I’ve met the both of them once in my entire life (at least once that I can remember). I spoke to my cousin today for the second time in my life and he is coming to meet me at my apartment tomorrow and make sure I am settled in and have everything I need like medicine for my cold and a calling card for home… even after I repeatedly told him that is not necessary.
#1 The unemployment rate in Spain has reached 24.4 percent - a new all-time record high. Back in April 2007, the unemployment rate in Spain was only 7.9 percent.
When not in school, the local kids, especially the boys, liked to come and play with me. I was the one with the wild and vivid imagination that could create entire other worlds in the various places we'd go to be children. Some of them wondered when I talked to the various other quadrupeds at my home if those other creatures weren't answering me back in tongues they could not even begin to comprehend.
The worst bit comes now..
A word to you gals about Bolero's at Seville. I think I mentioned the free dinner that Gary won for 1st place in his spinning class. Well, we went last night and had the free meal. And let me tell you something: I would have sent it back if I had paid for it. I had the filet with mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy. The steak was TINY, the potatoes were cold, the gravy was congealed. Basically, an ugly mess. If I had paid the $32 they charged for the meal, I would have made the chef redo it. I just picked at the potatoes. So I had two minuscule pieces of meat for dinner. Yeah, don't expect to see us going back there anytime soon. And, if Gary ever wins anything else for Bolero's, I will give the meal away! *&$%#^%$$^&#*
Blue Monkey wants to play the fiddle. I teach him how to use the bow and play open strings. He learns the names of the strings and practices.
"Any more reasons than that my friend?"
Roger Bismuth, the president of the Tunisian Jewish community, has recently been campaigning against what he says is becoming almost a regular occurrence – of radical Islamist groups publicly calling for the killing of Jews. "I will be attending the Hiloula this year, mainly because President Marzouki and many ministers in the Tunisian government are scheduled to attend," he told me. "However, it is so difficult to organise a large event given the circumstances."
What should one conclude from this:
Tim Tebow has a platform too. As an NFL quarterback he is regularly interviewed on television and always gives the glory to his Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, despite being ridiculed from one side of the country to the other.
All right - for everyone who has been sending me the wonderful notes - thank you! I'm here today to clarify everything I possibly can. LOL - don't get your hopes up, it will probably be clear as mud by the time I'm done.
I want to point out that it was a ladylike snort. Because I am a . . . oh, never mind.
No, it has nothing to do with the fact you have not – and steadfastly refuse – to prove your constitutional eligibility to hold the office and continue to lie about transparency! and accountability!
When I was 21, and visiting Paris for my first grown-up time, I read Ernest Hemingway's A Moveable Feast. In that memoir to his Parisian salad days, Hemingway describes Sylvia Beach's Shakespeare and Company -- the gathering place for the literati of the time. Beach, an American expatriate, was hosting her version of the Parisian salon -- with a capitalistic twist, aptly. She became known for her friendships, for her encouragement of writers and for the frequent readings sponsored by the bookstore. Like her friend Gertrude Stein, she was a lesbian -- and Paris created a space for her to be truly herself. As Stein said, America is my country and Paris is my hometown.
We have to admit that James is always compared with the other NBA legends. Starting professional career straight from high school, James was following the likes of Garnett and Kobe Bryant’s footsteps. The highly rated starlet even already signed a contract with Nike before his professional debut. And the superstar apprentice was predicted would be able to surpass the-greatest-of-all, Michael Jordan.
1 1/2 cups cooked brown or white rice
I’d been listening to her act for 90 minutes and even heard her name, but until she spoke directly to me (as herself and not her character) I wasn’t sure if I knew her or not.
Before-
III.—Bitter Ale And Beer.
It mentions in the article that our 'SIBOL' project was started in Memory of my Grandmother which it was and today is her Birthday! I am so happy, what a nice way to say I am thinking of her.
This one is by far my favorite of the Protocols. I get such a warm feeling when I know I’ve helped ease someones hurt. However, I do need to work on taking proper care of myself, not pushing myself too hard, etc. Because, if I can minimize my own hurt, I can be more effective when I’m needed by others.
Alfred Thomas Clark, enlisted with the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry in 1915, but ended up with the Hampshire Regiment. He was Jemima's oldest child, and she must have thought she'd got away with it, as he survived all the way to the last week of the war. He died on 4 November 1918 in the Battle of the Sambre - the same battle Wilfred Owen died in.
Imogen: Mummy, I'm drawing pictures of garbage on my sign for garbage.
Here are some other statistics pointing out the same fact (these are all from globalissues):
Been playing lots of Warmachine lately. Most of it however has been teaching a bunch of new players at a nearby club. Not bad and there’s a host of new armies coming along so it’s all good, except those games aren’t usually the “real deal” (teaching and doing crazy stuff) and I usually end up battered both in my brain and my throat.
We are one!
I counted, abstracted, penny after penny,
A mention earlier on twitter of a colleague reunion, reminded me of a dear university friend who’s recently got in touch, and who is moving to Bristol later on this year.
Rehabilitation involves improving the physical and mental health of the orangutans and learning survival skills before being released back into a safe area in the wild.
I could see my husband drawing detailed plans before we started an addition to our home. I could remember negotiating with the bank to be sure that we had enough money to complete a project we were beginning. I saw our family sending off our first son to college confident that we had the financial reserve needed to complete his education expenses.
The white cardstock is from Hvítlist and the yellow one is from SU. The owl stamp is from Inkadinkado, stamped with Cats Eye Colorbox ink and embossed with clear embossing powder. The middle is then cut out with Nestabilities and Cuttlebug.
There's a long overdue conversation starting up, I hope, about whether you have to believe in "energy" in order to take "energy work" seriously. (Hint: do you have believe in Prometheus in order to take "Prometheus Unbound" seriously?)
1. A place for consumers to rollover their old 401(k)s. Think lendingtree.com for 401(k)s
Whose mainspring is love,
As a result of its dad-driven epiphany, K-C has pulled the offending commercial. You'll no longer see it on channels 6, 8, 12 and 35, or on any of the Comcast or Verizon cable channels serving the Richmond metro area. It'll be replaced by another, presumably inoffensive, one.
Half a century later, the journal shows up in a yard sale and finds its way into the lives of three suburban wives, all struggling with identity and marriage. Linda must face a summer with her 10-year-old spoiled step-daughter; Christine, after struggling with years of infertility, finds out she is pregnant at the same time her husband is suspected of murder; and Audrey, whose husband has become a health-nut, falls into an affair that gives her life new meaning. Mala's journal speaks to each woman in a different way, and they all try a spell to solve a problem in their lives.
Excerpt: The graph shows a huge upswing in labor participation through the Reagan years. George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kept the numbers up in Reagan territory. Since Obama has taken over, he has wiped out the entirety of the Reagan gains.
Renwick’s appearance on the edge of Peeblesshire exposed a security problem for the authorities. In comparison to the Western shires, which were dotted with garrisons to suppress open presbyterian dissent, Peeblesshire was not heavily policed by government forces. That situation left the authorities far more reliant on the network of local heritors in the shire to inform them about seditious activities.
here in Malta she has arrived with heavy winds, rain and very dark thundering skies.
My beautiful, sweet Grandmother, GG (to Luz and James), celebrated her 85th birthday this week! Today was an extra-special celebration with family and friends at Barcelona restaurant. We enjoyed sangria, tapas and paella (prepared in the largest paella dish I have ever seen), followed by some flamenco dancing and beautiful Spanish guitar. It was the perfect way to enjoy such a special birthday.
The “geographical factor” has evolved from a mere reference to a geographical indication of provenance of a product to that of an indicator of qualities or characteristics which reflect its geographical origin. “Geographical origin” in this context means not merely the place from which the product physically comes or where it is manufactured, but a place that has a special link with the product in question and that relates to qualities resulting from the specific soil where the product is grown, to local human factors, culture, and ways in which it is produced, processed or prepared — or to the reputation acquired because of the tradition and the special way in which the product is handled or manufactured in a certain place, which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
To make my bus scroll, I basically followed the directions from the fabulous tutorial by Sarah at A Beach Cottage. I changed the layout and I used capitals, but the basic typing and printing process was the same as Sarah's.
23. Your computer? plodding
From “A Class Act”
In contrast, alongside the texts that detail these sacrifices there are also scripts in which we find an aversion to violence against animals. Chapter 257 of the Vicakhnu Gita, Mahabharata tells of King Vichakhnu having come up on the remains of a bull that had been butchered and in an epiphany was suddenly horrified by the thought as he only then noticed the cries of the other cattle in the quarters.
“Fortunate Son” was delivered by Skylar with her bouncy high energy.
After an extended practice session, a perturbing force was added to the robot arm in one condition only (arm in the LEFT workspace and target capture requiring movement directly ahead). The force dragged the arm anti-clockwise (ie to the participants' left) but they were able to counteract the force and move the cursor towards the animal.
To submit your story for consideration, send us a one-paragraph synopsis of your story and a brief bio about you. Don’t be shy – we have a rehearsal and offer lots of guidance. We want to hear your story!
How about this Americans, for a way out of the b.s. that is urban life now. Try a MASSIVE ‘Cattle Drive Trail (Highway)’ winding through the entire USA several time. Look at any herdsmen in the ’3rd World’. They do not have issues with lack of food though living in tents and being constantly on the move . . . in fact pay the herdsmen in meat and perhaps land for subsistence farming – how about 1 acre for every 5 years of herding work (lots of younger men would be self sufficient in as soon as 5 years instead of having 100,000s in debt on compound interest – no education but subsistence farming is far better than being hoodlums and gang bangers etc.) and animal husbandry work including food and board sound fair? Better than the homeless food stamp culture dotted with criminals and prison culture paid for by the tax payer. Look at Libya’s Green Mountain Project, plenty of young people who do not need any education or education debt to be part of that and to at least be able to grow their own food. It’s just that simple.
This week, my oldest daughter embarked on a unit about the Civil War and Slavery. Today she made a paper slave story quilt. Each of the nine squares is illustrated with an image or scene that depicts something she found important to share about slavery. She read several slave accounts, two history books on slavery, and a collection of primary resources to come up with her ideas. Her quilt looks beautiful. Unfortunately for the photo, she did the illustrations in colored pencil so they are very hard to see (she has a light touch). She enjoyed binding the images together with yarn. Initially she wanted to write a journal entry from a slave perspective and skip this project. I encouraged her to try the quilt - it is my belief that sometimes kids need a gentle, encouraging push out of their comfort zone. She told me later that she is delighted with the finished product and is glad she did the quilt. She's also decided to write the journal entries anyway as she loves writing so much. :)
This year, Mr PBBB's been much more productive than that. Much, much more productive. When announcing the winner, Zak Avery mentioned the 'elephant in the room' which was the sheer volume and quality of one particular entry. Indeed it was, Zak, indeed it was. We had 5-page articles that started on a right-hand page, followed over a double-page spread then finished in a couple of spurts between full page ads that we obviously didn't want to replicate. We had the gargantuan weight of his blog: taking on the BBC, waxing lyrical about some beers, berating Alistair Darling, raising the issue of neo-prohibitionism, celebrating bar snacks..you name it. We had a year's worth of Publican columns. We had his book, which luckily I didn't have to photocopy as we had a few knocking round the house.
(NOTE: we won't have prizes every week....you'll have to check in often to see when the next prize is coming...we will always choose a winner by random.org though and our top 3)
Somehow someone got me to the doctor’s office with my mom. The doctor, who was retiring that very day, wrapped my wrist in a magazine and sent us to the hospital.
Darren Hardy doesn’t call it TARGETTING, but I do… I AM deliberatelly targetting him… Darren Hardy knows everybody… IF Darren Hardy talked to just a few of his friends… Bearing in mind this is for charity… And got a few pairs of autographed pants together… Perhaps the “Motivational Pants”…? What would that be worth for charity…?
Here I was in a country where I did not speak the language with its corresponding side effect of not being able to make myself understood (examples reside here and here).
Like I’ve got some sort of wisdom to impart.
College was the logical next step. College was the expected next step. In my middle-American world, college is a necessary step. The number of high school students continuing their educations at universities and colleges across the country has grown significantly with the current generation. Yes, college enrollment has been on a steady increase for some time now, but the current attendees took the trend to a new level. Some people continue on the path of education because they genuinely enjoy learning and acquiring knowledge. Some students attend college for the simple reason that “it comes after high school.” Many other reasons exist that run the gambit that drive the 18-23 year old American demographic into the halls of educational institutions, despite rising prices and “questionable academics”. The big problem seems to crop up after “real life” approaches like a semi-truck with graduation. Where are you supposed to go afterward?
LOWERING SPRINGS ON STOCK STRUTS: 100 dollars
creative and decided to do a lil playing and
Why Pick on Me by The Standells
I basically had two reactions when I saw this. First, I thought it was sad that the dad can't be home to put his daughter to bed. Maybe he's a workaholic (which I can relate to) or maybe his job demands long hours. In our current world, most jobs put work before family. My second thought, after my second watching, is that the father is out of the country and can't be home. He is away on business. It made the commercial a bit more palatable for me, but I couldn't help but wonder why he wouldn't want to have a conversation with his daughter. Why not just talk?
A REIT is a company that owns and manages property – both commercial and residential – on behalf of shareholders, giving investors wider opportunities for accessing this important asset class.
The political grease that has helped ease luxury development on the waterfront in Williamsburg and Greenpoint has been the provision of a bonus for affordable housing, and the New Domino developers seek a rezoning for their project that would offer a similar tradeoff. But Velazquez was talking more about jobs than affordable housing.
I am holding my face to the light. Because I know that God is with me.
Celephais: Another dull experiment in fantasy from Lovecraft, but at least this one is written in language that is easier to read. A man named Kuranes (well, that's not his real name, it's his dream name, don't you know?) once dreamed of the magical city of Celephais, and now he spends his nights trying to find his way back. Is it ironic that these dream stories tend to put me sleep? Published in the May 1922 issue of The Rainbow, after "The Tomb" but before "The Lurking Fear".
I hope you will join in with us this week, I look forward to seeing what you make.
I have no time to post any recipes lately, life was hectic I was working 6 - 7 days a week. This blog has been neglected hopefully you did not miss me much :).
producer Alexander Korda's 1940 THIEF OF BAGDAD.
Yeah, I’m really focused at work. Oh yeah, I was reading that Betsey Johnson is filing bankruptcy so I went to the website to see if there was anything I could use my gift card on. Then I saw these…and I’m going to buy them. Because they are perfect.
The task is no doubt challenging, so let us turn to Marx for assistance. Among Marxist works on contemporary history such as Class Struggle in France 1848-50, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Revolution and Counterrevolution in Germany and Civil War in France, the second one, dealing with the counter-revolutionary coup d’état of December 2, 1851, should be most relevant for us. The obvious and huge differences between the French national scenario in mid-19th century and the situation in one state in India in the 21st century notwithstanding, we can profit from the brilliant analysis of how, under what political circumstances, the fruits of popular struggles could be usurped by an upstart-turned autocrat.
Rosettes - small are a 1 inch circle punch and large is a 2.5 inch circle punch. I have seen these before on a few projects and loved how they looked. However, when I've tried making them myself in the past, they always turned out horribly. This time, I misted the paper with water after cutting the curly Q by hand (I just eye-balled it) and then crumpled it up in a ball. Uncrumple carefully and then add some random curls so the flower will curl in and out. Roll it while it is still damp and allow to dry. This worked like a charm!
When we were kids and had one of those moments when we could not, simply could not stop talking, the saying at home was:
topping and apples slices. You could be creative and try other ingredients.
I am hoping for similar turn around in other second attempts around here.
I hope you guys love these songs as much as I do!
Finally, around 2:30, someone came in to take out my IV and I was able to get dressed. That was tricky. I couldn’t bend over and it was very painful. We left the hospital around 3:00 and got home around 4:45. I was in so much pain when we got home…it was a rough night. I couldn’t sleep comfortably because I’m not able to lay on my side like I normally do.
As for the staffing issues, I've always said it's the best and worst part of the gig. When you have a great crew, your job and your life is immensely easier. When it's not so great for whatever reasons, you find yourself working much longer and much harder to keep the ship righted. The ironic part is I believe I have Carl's staffing Achilles' heel to thank for my ice cream shop being in Easthampton.
My body does suffer physical pain at the hands of my Dom. Only he never soothes me when it's over. He is blissfully unaware.
Here are some pictures from the last two weeks. We hope that everyone has a Merry Christmas, or whatever it is that you celebrate! We are excited that this is our last Christmas as a couple...we will finally have a family to celebrate with next year. We aren't even doing Christmas gifts for each other this year because the best gift is these babies and it's all about them now. We are so incredibly blessed and happy for the first Christmas in a long time, and our hearts go out to those of you who continue to fight the hellish infertility battle. I hope that our story gives you HOPE and helps you to keep the FAITH.
Ether Geometry, Samij Datta, 2012
And what about you? What colours will you be using for Christmas?
I don’t really want to close this post with such negativity (yet another thing he will not be forgiven for anytime soon), so I’d also like to share some of the positives these past couple of days have brought. I have had an outpouring of love from all my friends. Text messages to help bump him way down the list so I don’t have to see his face every time I open my phone. Phone calls from so many of you just to check in on me, make sure I’m okay. Affirmations that I am beautiful, I am sexy, I still got it, I am worthy from the unlikeliest of places. Even my ex-husband has joined in with the support because he APPRECIATES me and loves me for being the mother of his children. He doesn’t like seeing me hurting because he knows what a good person I am and what I give to others. He knows that if I’m pushing someone to be better, it’s not because I don’t like them the way they are but because I know they are capable of being so much more. He knows that because he lived it, and he is thankful for it. I can’t express the gratitude I have for everyone who has rallied around me through this. One person should never have the power to break someone else down so bad, but he did. And I let him. But if one person has the power to do that, how come it takes 50 others to build you back up again? I don’t know, but I am so grateful for it. I’ve never been the type to need anyone. I’ve always been strong and independent, but at this moment in my life, I NEED this. I need to lean on my friends and my family, I need to be told constantly that I am beautiful, I am sexy, I am intelligent, I still got it, I have a heart of gold, and any man would be lucky to have me. I need to hear over and over again that I WILL get through this and I will be a stronger better person because of it. I need to hear over and over again that my one true love is out there somewhere and will find me if I let him. And my friends and family are giving this to me. It’s the best gift EVER. To know you are loved by so many. And over the past several days, this is what has been making me cry the most. The overwhelming LOVE I am feeling from all of them. I truly hope that one day I can re-pay this gift. I am deeply humbled by it all.
O may my heart’s truth
Rather than pick up one of my wips I started a new piece. I want to work on smaller pieces so I can have the joy of finishing things rather quickly. Right now with all the stress of the lump in my breast, my concentration just isn't there for working on larger pieces. So I started a Lizzie Kate design, "Peace Love And A Cure". I am going to make it into a little pillow and on the back I will stitch "HOPE" and "FIGHT" to remind me to fight it with all I have if it turns out to be a cancerous tumor. If not then I will just stitch HOPE, or find a pretty fabric to back the pillow and donate it. I also wanted to stitch something with brighter, cheerful colors, and this pattern jumped out at me.
50 37 00.59 N , 07 07 45.30 W
I took the parrot's pill today.
This blog is not going to add more confusion to the many rumours that already exist. Instead, it’s going to point out very briefly the media-psyops involved, and also provide readers with some lesser-known aspects of the science of Forensic Ballistics, which will be covered in the followup posting - (PART 2).
The characters are well drawn, but there is a mystery that surrounds all of them. Many of them have histories in their past lives, and Lenzi, because of her amnesia, has forgotten it all. At the beginning of the novel, I wasn’t sure about Lenzi. I wasn’t sure if I was going to like her or not. She was still reeling from the death of her father, and afraid that like him, she was losing her mind. Zak too was a puzzle to me. He clearly has a past of his own, but he cares for Lenzi. At the same time his choices seem selfish and wrong. Alden was probably my favorite character—mostly because he got Lenzi out of her I’m going crazy like my father stage. All the characters had flaws, and that made them feel like real people.
(Just a little piece of valuable info here, Mom and I are both very silly and love to laugh at each other’s mistakes, for instance as I was writing “Most of the time that means watching a movie or reading a book” above, I put “watching a book or reading a movie”.) Hey, you’ve gotta at least chuckle!! Come on, chuckle… you can do it… come on…
For all of you who don’t know, I am a licensed cosmetologist for almost 4 years now and work at a local salon.
Consider this; if you don't pay your mortgage payment and you can't give up anything, do you really deserve your home? Another thought is this; when you are about to loose your home, you will have the expense of moving. How will you move if you do not funds to pay your mortgage?
We celebrated Sofia's 7th birthday with a sewing party! (I still can't believe that she's seven! And, I think that's why I work so hard to create special moments for my kids' birthdays... I need to ground the blur of passing years with these big events... they become the landmarks that we can easily identify when we want to reminiscence...)
Tonight, however, I'm drinking another regular old stout. Because I like them! And I feel like I've earned it. I worked out today and everything. So there. Today's beer is Bridgeport Brewery's Black Strap Stout. I opened this beer almost 15 minutes ago, and then got side tracked by this stupid post. So it's been sitting awhile with only a few sips taken, and the head is still almost an inch thick. Regardless of how long I left it there, I have a feeling that it would leave lacy trails all the way down the glass as I drank it. (That's a good thing!) It totally smells like chocolate and coffee, with almost a cocoa taste immediately hitting me. After that dissolves, there's a little bitter kick of hops, with some molasses, and a dry, i-need-to-drink-more-now feeling left in my mouth.
My husband shows me through his words and actions that he regrets his choice. He broke all contact with her, and committed to the marriage. He’s attended therapy with me weekly for more than a year. He’s listened, showed empathy, tried to make things right and correct the wrongs, tried to protect me from the evil that came from his actions. He is remorseful?
18 So then as through one trespass for all men resulting in judgment, so also through one righteous act to all men resulting in justification and life. 19 For as through the disobedience of the one many were made sinners, so also through the obedience of the one man will the many be made righteous. 20 But the law entered that the trespass should increase, but where sin increased, grace abounded.. 21 so that, just as sin reigned in death, so also grace may reign through righteousness resulting in eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 5:18-21 Possessing the Treasure New Testament V1)
Miller served in the US Army during World War II in the Italian campaign and he participated in perhaps one of the saddest episodes of that campaign, the bombing of the ancient Benedictine monastery of Monte Cassino. From that moment in 1944, when a horrified Miller learned that instead of Monte Cassino being a German stronghold but rather a place of refuge for Italian women and children displaced by the conflicts between the Partisans, the Fascist Italian/German forces, and the Allied invaders, everything changed for Miller. He converted to Catholicism in 1945, apparently due to his struggle to understand the world around him and the evils that humans commit, sometimes in the name of good. Although Miller had a prior interest in SF, it was only during a period of time from 1951 to 1957 that he ever had any of his works published. While three closely-linked novellas from 1955-1957, originally published in Fantasy & Science Fiction, formed A Canticle for Leibowitz, Miller wrote almost another three dozen stories during this period, fourteen of which are collected in Dark Benediction (the American edition, The Best of Walter M. Miller, Jr., was originally published in 1980).
I am sitting on the hill of the Acropolis.
There has been much progress in the areas of distance learning over the past five to ten years. Early mistakes have been made, and best practices are now established.
Yes I am talking to you. You know who you are! I have something to tell you that you might not have known for sure lately. But is something that is absolutely true. Here it is. Are you ready for it?
one less messy step
I knew the horribly homophobic and bigoted Amendment One (in North Carolina) would pass, because nothing gets the fundies stirred up like getting a chance to shit all over the gays. In fact, that and slut-shaming seem to be their favorite activities, that I can see. (Feeding the poor and all that other boring stuff Jesus instructed them to do? Not so much.)
I don't know this for a fact,
From the balcony above me, sheets of water channeled Niagara Falls, jumping off into mud-soaked hydrangeas next to my ground floor patio.
The next day, we visited the Ferry Building for the second time, and I had the Greatest Latte Ever at the "secret" coffee bar with the shockingly short line. It didn't take 10 minutes to brew, either.
Are you there?
One day I came across a book by Peter Greenaway, ‘Flying over water’ (Merrell Holberton publishers), a really fascinating book! At the end of the preface Greenaway asks the striking question: “After failing to fly, did Icarus fail to swim?” In the beginning of the first chapter he writes: “… Icarus – the first pilot, the first flyer, the first air disaster.”
Motse Mfuleni, the general secretary for the Black IT Forum, yesterday said the deal would contribute significantly to the information and communication technology (ICT) sector in terms of intellectual property development and job creation.
01. Bounty Killer & Beenie Man - DJ Refix
full of missing pieces.
Despite all of the new goodies and new chapter books (and she loves her some chapter books), she was a bit disappointed that her new "school Bible" had not yet arrived. I ordered the Bible from a different vendor, so it should arrive by Monday or Tuesday. But, she mentioned that she is more excited about her new Bible than any of the rest of it. Annabelle loves her some Bible! If you ask her, it is truly her favorite book. The girl cannot get enough of it!
Lesley Watkinson (Con) 85
The second time I went through the line I decided to get the guys to sign my 59/50 Authentic cap. I was hoping they'd still have some of their cards they brought to sign (so I could trade a few) but they were out so I settled on getting the cap signed.
Another triumph from Toei, the people who would one day bring you Battle Royale.
I just recently purchased 8 more diapers so we will have 15 in all!
‘When he ascended on high he made captivity itself a captive; he gave gifts to his people.’ The gifts he gave were that some would be apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers, to equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ, until all of us come to the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to maturity, to the measure of the full stature of Christ. We must no longer be children, tossed to and fro and blown about by every wind of doctrine, by people’s trickery, by their craftiness in deceitful scheming. But speaking the truth in love, we must grow up in every way into him who is the head, into Christ, from whom the whole body, joined and knitted together by every ligament with which it is equipped, as each part is working properly, promotes the body’s growth in building itself up in love."
1/3 cup sweetener (I used Splenda granules - I prefer Truvia but I was wanting to keep the carbs as low as possible)
Good Morning Pollycrafters!!
This question is the central theme of this blog, “What shall we eat?”. Perhaps in the imagination of the agrarian readers of Leviticus it was almost as impossible as it seems to us to feed yourself without practicing constant and intensive agriculture. The answer to the question of how they will eat if the land is not in production is found at the beginning and middle of the chapter:
Sunday was the day that family got together for a big meal. In our household, when we were teenagers, it meant a quick-lunch or picnic and then we spent the afternoon skiing. We broke away from the river just in time to hurriedly prepare for evening worship. I’ve read that Billy and Ruth Graham tried to make this day especially fun for their children. No one was allowed to watch television. It was the only day that they were allowed to drink Coca-Cola. Sunday afternoons were spent playing board games with their parents and having an extra piece of pie. My husband insisted that the only way to honor Sunday afternoon was by taking a nap.
do you know that if you go up to the google search engine and type in the word "unfortunately" and your name- like this- "unfortunately, joanne", it will give you many responses starting with those two words?! i know, i just had to try it. some of the responses are kind of dull but most are pretty funny and some are down right hilarious!
The big protest is next week of course in London on March 26th. I've decided not to go for a number of reasons, but I really hope the people that can make a difference notice and give a toss.
Like Forget Me Not this is another book which takes on an important contemporary issue, bipolar illness, but with a fantastical twist. I wonder if it's a new trend, and I'm curious to see how Garsee combines the two. I hope it has the dark and creepy, yet emotional, storytelling that I'm looking for.
He was, indeed, a «literary» man, absorbed for the most part in journalism but finding time, also, to publish poetry and to perform his duties as official translator for the National Council. August Schou, director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute, points out that Ducommun’s writing often showed «striking acuity of thought», citing a dialogue he wrote in 1901 in which he refutes the notion current in that day that a war between major powers would be short because of the destructiveness of modern weapons, and predicts, in its stead, a long «war of attrition with alternating advances and retreats, and with operations bound up with a system of trenches and strongpoints»1.
It seems to make sense to me that the more we can see beauty in everything, the happier we are likely to become. Seeing the beautiful compounds our happiness...it's all chemistry.
Saturday Night Speaker Meeting
“This is no dream,” I said, getting back into the chair. “You asked me what I want and I’ll give you a straight answer. I’m here to help you. Think of me as your guardian angel.”
They had a few tables set up outside which was great especially on our nice spring days here in the valley and because the inside was crowded so it allowed there to be enough seating for everyone. I would definitely suggest going early if you are going for lunch, we got there a little before 11:30 and the line was almost out the door. It did move quickly so that says something about the service, the staff was friendly and they were moving through the guests in line seeing if anyone needed help with just pastries or bread to keep the line moving.
It seems an exaggeration to call butter tarts the dessert for which Canada is known, since no American I know has ever heard of a butter tart, yet butter tarts are one of the few foods to which Canada can lay full claim.
Peak Volumes (previously Tomes of Buxton): Secondhand and antiquarian books on all topics – a bookshop the way they used to be
A wonderful quote from Tim Keller that I would like to share with you:
I signed up to do April's A-Z Challenge,
So, this past weekend was pretty much the most boring thing ever. With my music history research paper out of the way and no other homework to hold me down, I pretty much sat around and did nothing all weekend.
So I wanted to pop in and let you all know that Sentimental Sundays will be back January 1st, with so many changes and faces and of course a new challenge!!! YEAH!!!
And wrestlers with destiny in her lists of will,
Reason I left
Geoffrey Shryhane's still got his column. His beard is grey now but he's still got his beaming smile as if he's just polished off a large chocolate eclair. (He also lives next door to my wool shop-owning relative)
84. Yes, we have the coolest bunco group around. "Prom Night" at next months bunco and we're all going STAG!!!
Dash freshly ground pepper
*New kid car coming this week (please, oh please, let me find something!)
Scraplift Challenge - at Mouse Scrappers. Challenge ends Sunday 4/8, so move quickly! All participants will receive my Words of Love word art pack.
Landon has the passion. She could perhaps be caught for an interview between painting, teaching, flying and exhibiting. It would make a great beginning to the TV show. Actually she could be interviewed regularly and the audience would never tire of her stories.
I love a good ghost story. Eager for spooky details but armed with a healthy dose of skepticism, I indulge my paranormal cravings whenever possible. From the televised sounds or images caught by ghost hunting equipment to a third hand tale of grandma’s apparition in the attic, a good ghost story can literally give me goose bumps.
OK, enough about school. At Brownies, Kerri earned a few new badges. She still wants to go to gymnastics, and take art classes. Her asthma seems to be pretty much controlled this winter, and her psoriasis too. She keeps getting nosebleeds though, but we are now able to stop them pretty quickly. I think the humidifier in her room is helping - and the warmer winter too. And although we all love the snow...we are looking forward to an earlier Spring! Kerri can't wait to kick her soccer ball around, and now wants roller blades (and a pogo stick, a scooter, and a skateboard). It's going to be a very active Spring. And just like flowers grow in Spring, Kerri has been in a growth spurt too. We are having a hard time finding clothes that fit! She has some new size 7 jeans that are too tight around her hips, so we are moving up to size 8. We had to buy new panties in size 10 because the size 8 ones were starting to feel uncomfortable around her legs. And she outgrew her sneakers - we had to run out and buy a new pair (size 2) for school this past weekend. Kerri laughed and told me she will be taller than me by the time she is sixteen. Oy.
This was the one I offered my little ones for dessert after they finished their dinner-
The 4th Annual Ponderosa Stomp takes place April 26 and 27 at the Rock 'N Bowl Mid City Lanes in New Orleans. This year's enticing line-up of R&B, swamp pop, garage rock and rockabilly cats features Scotty Moore (Elvis' Sun Records-era guitarist), Link Wray, Roy Head, Archie Bell, Barbara Lynn, Billy Swan, Blowfly, Lazy Lester and lots more. Ace drummer Earl Palmer will serve as master of ceremonies.
Shoes: faded brand, think it was Marco Gianni
Amenable of such squat close up, it online shop germany be offers united states handful of out of your flat costs.
This is what my day looked like:
My latest obsession has become English arm rolled sofas.
The weather was very kind to us - only providing us with a couple of downpours in the morning which didn't matter as there were plenty of trees to shelter under. For much of the afternoon we were basking in sunshine.
A nutritionist and a professional weight loss consultant with more than 23 years experience. Anne Collins is arguably the best
Who knows, maybe some Astronomers were themselves responsible for these fables and legends. Don’t we sometimes get impatient with our kids when they ask complicated questions?
First session begins at 5:45 pm and second session begins at 6:45 pm.
Diversion: this whole dyslexia thing is started to bother me greatly. Not the fact that he has it, but that it doesn't seem to be recognised as a "disability" requiring additional funding. To be honest I am torn - I don't want it to be labelled a "disability" because he has too many abilities to give him a label like that. No kid should have that label regardless of their extra needs. But if we want specialised attention the school needs the extra funding and to get the extra funding we need to have dyslexia recognised, and to get it recognised we need to have it labelled as a disability. I might be wrong, but that is the way I am perceiving it at the moment. I am going to QUIETLY be doing a whole lot more research and talking to a few Government people to get a handle on things. I say quietly because I don't want to make this a big thing for Darby. I don't want to single him out. But the reality is we live in a book based, reading based, society. To be able to answer a maths question you have to be able to read the question. To be able to learn your history and be tested on it, you have to be able to read it. If you can't read it doesn't make you less smart. It just means you can't read. It's very tricky when your eyes and brain messages work a little differently to everyone else's. Very tricky ..... especially when you are really clever and actually know all the answers ... it's just the reading and writing bit that lets you down. End Diversion.
However, last night I made an effort to indulge in whatever came my way. I ate a mini hot dog, plus other infantil buffet delicacies that I didn’t recognize.
Don Cherry likes to talk about how the implementation of the instigator rule changed the game. Teams had employed enforcers to protect their star players but, with the new rule, enforcers might draw an extra penalty as “instigators” when they intervened. This proved too high a price for teams to accept, star players went unprotected and, according to Cherry, made them increasingly open to abuse and injury, throwing the game out of control. But control doesn’t come only from enforcers like Semenko. The league could act as its own enforcer, to shut down the most dangerous and exaggerated aspects of its play. This it could have done. Make no mistake: in round one it wasn’t the league as enforcer that settled things down. Brendan Shanahan’s 25-game suspension of Raffi Torres was shooting a fish in a barrel. The real enforcer was the public. They’d had it and they said so. They don’t believe Gordie Howe and Johnny Bower are wusses.
2 large potatoes
" Fishy I know you don't want the baby to get sick".
Because there was no consciousness, no sentient being, biological being, carbonbased being, in that primordial fireball which is supposed to have created the universe, the big bang.But this other way of looking at things says that the universe remained in possibility until there was self-referential quantum measurement—so that is the new concept. An observer’s looking is essential in order to manifest possibility into actuality, and so only when the observer looks, only then does the entire thing become manifest—including time. So all of past time, in that respect, becomes manifest right at that moment when the first sentient being looks.
These three outfits were created using more tops headed out, never be seen again. I found a high-waisted black pencil skirt and some wide belts to keep them in her closet rotation.
1. If I didn’t have power how would I cook and bake?
Miller-Heidke said Perry's hit song was offensive.
I love the way the title of this book sits in American garden history. America's strongest landscape tradition is not of its private gardens but of its national parks; and 'Beautiful America' is most often, even today, its unique wildernesses. In 'My Country 'Tis of Thee', the nation's de facto anthem, it is
My mom was able to come and watch the kids for us so we could go to NYC overnight...
6) Meeting readers!!! Fans are what make all the hard work worth while, and meeting them in person is the greatest thing in the world!
I think it's her size and beautiful shabby patina.
Wishing everyone a wonderful year ahead and may you be blessed with the company of your loved ones and lots of crafty moments!
One of the most significant economic forces on insurance products is interest rates and they will hover near zero through 2012.
Jenkins & Hogin LLP
This off-again-on-again routine took place for about ten minutes and was only stopped when we boarded our flat-bottom boat to leave. Not that our departure deterred the monkey…but that’s a story for another day.
I dabbled in Yoga back in the 60’s. The first thing I learned was that I am “white-man-stiff”. A naturally bad back left me unable to touch my toes, even on my youngest, skinniest day. Even the simplest yoga posture was a tough proposition. As a kid, I’d always tried to “be strong” even when I wasn’t, so I really pushed the poses. You can imagine what I felt on the following day.
It is to be anticipated that perhaps not everyone will easily accept this particular teaching. There is too much clamorous outcry against the voice of the Church, and this is intensified by modern means of communication. But it comes as no surprise to the Church that she, no less than her divine Founder, is destined to be a "sign of contradiction." She does not, because of this, evade the duty imposed on her of proclaiming humbly but firmly the entire moral law, both natural and evangelical.
Comparison shot between the One S (left) and the iPhone 4S (right):
“It’s no exaggeration to say that whichever of the almost three hundred million Clausens swimming in Jim’s testes makes it through to Mrs. Clausen’s ovum is going to be the greatest football player ever,” Biggins said.
- jim rooney, leeds england, 10/3/2012 19:25
They are all so different, from a soft palette based around grey (looking a little like stained glass with the sun shining through), this quilt will have beautiful grey diamonds as a secondary pattern when the blocks are sewn together.
The current postal ballot system must be reformed to ensure that all citizens of Malaysia are able to exercise their right to vote. Postal ballot should not only be open for all Malaysian citizens living abroad, but also for those within the country who cannot be physically present in their voting constituency on polling day. Police, military and civil servants too must vote normally like other voters if not on duty on polling day.
My stomach turned when I read news reports passing off the murders as a statistical blip.Middle New Zealand knows the syndrome is much more dangerous than that. Parents of my generation know what happened in the 1980s and 1990s when young men and women took their own lives in a spate of copycat suicides.
I only stayed for one set of Dave and Missie’s evening-long performance before being distracted by the sounds of The Victoria Phonographers Union coming from the adjacent Old Town: four digital composers seated behind laptops round a single table, periodically sending commands to play their creations through loudspeakers, bringing to life the installation with the sound of people milling through the streets of old town, while up on the next level, Buddha machine sound installation – also working with laptops – enlivened an otherwise static installation of The Mine, with sounds of miners working.
It was cold this morning. Added a thermal long sleeve top and mittens to my attire. I also ran with my iPod instead of using my run program since it had progressed me too fast. Was not the best plan, but I enjoyed it! I kept losing the beat of the metronome, and by the end was struggling.
Follow me On FACEBOOK!
Add the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt and combine well.
You've got the pieces in place. We're down to testing each individual word and phrase. You want elegant and lean prose here. I've made some suggestions, but this is where the critical element is time. Let this sit for a day or two (at least--a week would be better.) Then come back to it. You'll be surprised what you see that you want to change.
Mothers are those wonderful people who can get up in the morning before the smell of coffee. ~Author Unknown
Kingdom Business University is a virtual learning experience to equip pastors, entrepreneurs, and community leaders to maximize your purpose, passion, and profits from a biblical perspective. We train you on how to develop and implement practical systems in the areas of entrepreneurship, social media, branding (marketing), leadership development, personal development, and other related content.
This is a chicken dish that my kids love because its sweet and sticky and the gravy goes really well on rice or mashed potatoes. It also takes minutes to prepare.
Now do you feel the gravity of this impact?
If you're looking to take the abacos vacation rentals on holiday this year, have a lot of tools that will suit your needs, for example, you might instead spend at Disney parks. And you'll still be able to review these on the rodanthe vacation rentals and how the rodanthe vacation rentals will also result in less money spent on building a new course and club house with associated infrastructure and access. Add in the rodanthe vacation rentals in the rodanthe vacation rentals and around 6,500m and is the rodanthe vacation rentals next 12 months. Nearly one quarter of travelers who were surveyed had already stayed in one, and nearly one third of owners said that they had more bookings.
Glassware: Chalice, Snifter
LG has two main points to make today. Usually he has none, but that doesn't stop him from posting. So this is a bonus.
Not to be feared or delighted-in, just peacefully in-between.
I Love You So
Time: 00:30 to 01:00
F: It's true that I hate things to be untidy. I try to be well organised in running the property, the guest rooms, organising and hosting the seminars, but I'm very lucky to have the help of our super nanny Paulette. She has been 'looking after' us for the past 15 years and she works miracles!
Really, I shouldn’t do work in bed. But sometimes it’s the most comfortable to put your feet up…besides which I turned my bed so that my chair doesn’t fit under my desk because the end of my bed is there so I’m kind of always doing work in bed aren’t I?
Here's a self-taken photograph of the Dolce Vita Red Lips look:
Finally, just as electron degeneracy pressure can only support the gravitational compression of an object 1.4 times the Sun's mass, so neutron degeneracy pressure can only support the gravitational compression of an object roughly 3 times the Sun's mass...though that exact figure is still debated depending on whose equation of state you believe.
This product has worked very well and I could not be more happier with how well tanned I am.
It is easy to get a bit down in the dumps when there are setbacks or when you are hoping things will be better soon and soon can't quite get here fast enough. This week started out that way. I had hoped I'd be walking without crutches after my doctor's appointment on Monday and the reality was no way. Probably another few weeks, but it really just depended on my knee. I was bummed. I'll be honest, I cried. Not right there in the doctor's office, but as soon as I got in the car.
Instead, I got on with other writing, reading and capturing the last of the weekend. Lesson learned. Normal service will resume this week on the Haunted Eyeball.
Olives (optional)
“It’s just really touching,” she said. “If I had the money, I would be doing it myself too.”
The Best of Me (2011)
I just got my package from St. Balderick’s. What is St. Balderick’s you ask? I am glad you asked actually. St. Balderick’s is a volunteered driven fundraising event that raises money to find cures for children’s cancer. This year I decided that I was going to be a shavee. You might have remembered me mentioning that a couple of posts ago.
01 All Mixed Up
Preheat the oven to 190 degrees C.
* Tortilla chips
The red, a Vin de Pays du Comté Tolosan and a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Gamay, Negrette, Tannat is the better of the two I think. Soft, fruity and easygoing it would be perfect for a midweek plate of pasta. Rating *** (for the 2009, a good year)
Peppers can be harvested green or ripe whether they are the sweet or hot varieties. Ripe fruit will easily break away from the plant, but it is best to use a garden clipper to snip the fruit's stem rather than chance damaging a plant. Handle the fruit with care as the capsicum that produces the heat can also be irritating to skin and mucus membranes (eyes, nose). Pepper plants will continue to flower and produce new fruit as long temperatures are moderately warm.
In this third and last installment of Rachel Cohn’s Cyd Charisse series, there isn’t a lot of new to discover for fans of either CC (Cyd Charisse) or Rachel Cohn. That doesn’t mean however, that Cupcake is a book you should miss, because this book proves that the Little Hellion is capable of growth … albeit not the type of growth that she may have expected herself.
Website: www.meggjensen.com
sized strips of a darker lilac paper to the right hand side of the card to give
On 20 April 2012, the litigation between a group of rightsholders in films against internet service provider iiNet came to an end. The High Court dismissed the appeal by the film rightsholders, and held that iiNet was not liable for the peer-to-peer filesharing by its subscribers of the films at issue in the case.
This article looks at incorporating Kaiju into 'Form Line of Battle', as this happens to be my favourite set of rules for this period. You can purchase them from A&A Game Engineering. They offer quick games, limited book-keeping and an unusual sailing system based around random movement distances. It was inspired by the waterline not-Godzilla figure, Torgon, made by Khurasan Miniatures.
Dancing Tambourine, David Carrol and Orchestra
On a second hand, the answer is an even more resounding “Hell No!” As the saying goes, there is no finish line, only another race. Even before the words are completely cooled, hell even before I typed those two satisfying little words, somewhere in the back of my mind are the seeds of another story starting to take root…but, that’s not what I’m talking about either.
pin-pin-yus and feerrb = "Phineas and Ferb"
Well it seems that when we are not hearing endless stories of the greatness of Peyton Manning, Drew Bress and Aaron Rodgers, we are also hearing about the failures of Donovan McNabb, Vince Young, Vick and David Garrard. All of these QBs have had relative success, and in the case of McNabb, great success, yet the critics are always looking for their replacements. While guys like John Beck, Rex Grossman and Alex Smith keep getting chances after chances to “prove” themselves, the critics want to make great college ball players like Terrelle Pryor and Cam Newton into wide receivers because they can run fast and are built like gazelles. If any great college turned pro quarterback of the last 5 years needs to consider changing positions, its Tim Tebow, but that is not even a topic of discussion.
Suqqu, a Japanese skincare company (and apparently the originator of the Gankin technique), recommends using its own massage cream (naturally), but I just use a few drops of argan oil instead. I grab my instructions (PDF here) and oil after cleansing my face, and settle in for a few soothing minutes. When I'm done, I continue the drainage by reclining against that bank of bed pillows I mentioned above and closing my eyes. Isn't it wonderful when something so indulgent is actually good for you?
Here's the deal, I think I go from one big thing to the next... I get myself so wrapped up in what I "have" to do.. whether it is for:
“Florida Sustainables has licensed a polymer invented by University of Florida graduate student Ryan Martin and associate chemistry professor Stephen Miller…They have devised a way to synthesize polymers called polyesteracetals, providing the strength of petroleum-based plastics lacking in other ‘green’ plastics made from PLAs — or polylactic acid.”
It settled into a geocentric orbit around his head. “There are. They are all around you. In the streets, in their cars, in their beds. Dead, all dead.”
Alright, honestly? I've yet to read Twilight, and only cared to watch the first two movies. But then again, I haven't seen The Hunger Games movie yet either.
2010.09.13 Iraq Baghdad 4 6 Four Iraqis are murdered in separate Mujahideen attacks, including a father in front of his family.
The truth is, most of us who say I’ll come back tomorrow don’t. It could be a week, or a month. And when you get close to that 100th birth… Read More >>
WABXU Blog (wabxublog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Is the sky the sky to itself.
Welcome to awareness; I hope you’ve taken the last couple of years to become prepared.
Gauteng health MEC Qedani Mahlangu apologised this week to mothers who, for more than a week, could not feed their babies because the department had failed to pay formula supplier Nestlé for six months. Nestlé stopped delivering baby formula to clinics and state hospitals last month.
Jacob was jailed for 18 months after beating up a stranger during a night out in 1999. He admitted grievous bodily harm when he appeared at Mold Crown Court following the incident in Handforth, near Wilmslow. He served 8 months.
(21) John Henni, Bishop of Milwaukee
Today is Blogging Against Disablism Day, and as I reflect upon the ways in which society defines me by the disable label, I also find myself thinking about the eye-opening moments I have been privileged enough to share with those who have been willing to look beyond that label.
So, I looked around my kitchen cabinet and I found a instant Miso-soup.
Apart from all the other attractive elements of this beer's appearance - there is a shade of soft deep red at play here that you'll never witness anywhere else in the world. Neither nature nor science has ever produced this remarkable hue before.
Your number this month -2
My critters and I have always had a good life for ourselves. Some, however are not so lucky. Picture a household where domestic abuse is the order of the day. Imagine being afraid to step away even for a moment from a life of domestic abuse because you're worried about what might happen to your cat or dog. There are situations where the prospect of neglect, abuse or worse can be the deciding factor in the life of a woman trying to do something about her own domestic abuse issues.
Meanwhile weeks before, I saw a lackluster comedian with her for $80 because she was no longer seeing the guy she wanted to take originally. I didn’t want my friend to take such a hit. So I sucked it up.
Necklace, Moon Raven Designs at Etsy
Okay, yea, I get that, but guess what…me neither! Nor do I associate a strap on or fingers with a penis. It simply feels good…and both are being handled by a lovely lady. Do they both have a phallic-ish shape? Yes, because of WHERE they’re supposed to be inserted. Though I have seen dildos shaped like dolphins and never in my life seen a glittery purple penis.
Crunchy fried snacks are awesome. There is no dispute about this in my world. However, for the most part, I have been happy to sit back and relax as a paying customer while someone else prepares my crunchy fried snacks for me.
But this does not mean, if Hassan Ali critisizing one size for so many times, he should be perceived as supporting the other side. When the left-winged media claimed Hassan as been “lembu dicucuk hidung” (manipulated) by the ruling coalition for keep attacking the so-to-be-PM Anwar Ibrahim, he is at the same time showing his support towards ulama leadership in PAS, but never show his supports towards Najib nor Barisan.
Check out our prize tables:
If you ask a question about how other agencies work, about how to handle issues with something OTHER than a query letter to the QueryShark, the comment won't be posted. There are lots of places on the web to get that information. QueryShark Questions are ONLY about QueryShark.
God - forgive me... I know too many times I approach you only at the prompting of a need. I want to be more than a follower, God... I want to love you in a deeper, fuller way. I want my life to be marked by that love in all that I do - both publicly and privately, may my life exude your love, the depth of my relationship with you. Amen.
When I opened my freezer for the first time after the trip, I knew that I need to make an effort to clean it up. I have frozen berries from red/white currants, black currant, raspberries, strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, yellow raspberries, you name it, it is crazy. I had some white chocolate mousse that I have put in a mold and ready to be used up in a cake, everything is in there. Now that Summer is getting really close, I definitely need to clean that up before stocking up again for the next winter time.
Translation to Wall Street-speak: "You're an idiot and your analysis is f***ing garbage."
Myself, I'm pleased the wildlife are making a comeback in areas they deserve to live in. Although if the cougar population increases substantially then they will be reduced by hunters who are given permits by the Ministry. It's a shame they were almost hunted to extinction in the first place. But times are changing.
"Keep that head of yours to Greenie, you know what I'm saying pet?"
Unfortunately, I had lots of trouble with my piping bag – the mixture seeped through the bag and made a complete mess! Luckily I have no children so I could clear up easily without having the mixture all over the kitchen beforehand! Next thing I’m going to do is get a proper piping bag!
An email, from an old flame.
b) “the substitute only has limited value” That’s not the Calvinist position. The Calvinist position is that the value of the substitute is limitless – sufficient for all.
Do you like biker boots?
Well, it is Thanksgiving Day for us in the U.S.
In my mind this is my fate:
As soon as we are born we begin dieing, it is the only inevitability and the when is the greatest of uncertainty. Life Insurance is something nobody likes to talk about, no one wants to think about their loved one leaving. Some people even think that the discussion is inviting bad luck. I can tell you this, not dealing with the conversation has the potential to induce more harm and heartache than you can imagine.
I may take him to another tournament in June, whether I'll be able to cope is another matter entirely. And to cut a very long story short my son came about 8th/9th out of over 50 boys.
The legal interpretation of the regulations not withstanding, this is a feasible solution. The biggest risk to running it, is if the FIA change the test process without notice. This could catch the team out, although normal FIA process is to warn the team and ask for the design to be altered and pass the test at the next event. Thus unlikely to cause an exclusion or ban.
Take the Colomba out of the fridge and gently glaze it. Scatter the almond on top and bake for 35-40 minutes or until cooked through.
A Spanish professor whose course I had taken two years ago stopped me in D Vickers Hall last week. We still pass each other in the halls regularly, but the rush to get to class prevents us from talking about what’s new in our lives.
Those of you who are MP veterans don’t need an explanation of the hows and whys. Those of you who are unfamiliar with approval voting and what we’re trying to do with the Mumme Poll should start here. (It’s okay; we’ll wait for you.)
Manuel: I hope they feel the direct relationship between “my graphic language” and regular life situations. I try to be very clear with my messages, if I have to write some words to develop a clear idea, I will. I don’t like free interpretations of my work, this misunderstanding could result in a failure in the communication or message.
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
gilli moon’s Songsalive! L.A Showcase@ Genghis Cohen
When Dr. King argued in our opening reading that there are moral laws that are just as abiding as the physical laws, what laws is he referring to? In order to be clear in our consideration of an answer to this question, we must start by being clear about the nature of morality. Morality is the distinction between right and wrong, between good and evil. So, what Dr. King is arguing is that just as there is a law of gravity that describes the inevitable relationship of attraction between two masses, there are laws of morality that describe the inevitable relationships between right and wrong, between good and evil.
Handmade flowers
While they were both taken from the same area in the room, we see two very different pictures, don't we?
As noted earlier, this kind of breathless prose would be hard to take if it were all that Mann had to offer. But these rhetorical excesses bob along, supported by pages of detail from a wide range of historical and archaeological sources.
Peter Tremayne – Marbh Bheo
we decided to start in first to work out the
1988-2009 Hanby Ales as Brewer and MD
Thankfully, now that everyone's settled down a bit, this happens less and less. But weird stuff - especially Powerpoint slides set to music - still appears from time to time.
Bethenny has a brilliant (if not entirely sober) moment outside of the party--a message for Kelly: "Who do you think you ARE? What are you DOING? Are you CRAZY? I'm never wrong about people. Never. Wrong. About. People. And Roller Girl doesn't care." Then she rolls off down the street, even doing a little backwards skating. I like Bethenny again.
This book picks up right where the last book left off. Laurel and crew have discovered that Yuki is a Winter faerie and is working with Klea to destroy Avalon. Now it is up the Laurel and crew to face off against magic immune trolls and try to save Avalon from certain destruction.
*For some reason, I wrote in the title of this post that the concert wasn’t Friday. I don’t know why I did that, or how I didn’t notice it all day. Thankfully a reader pointed it out and it’s been corrected. Sorry for the confusion.
I am not going to even count the number of injuries that was in a 24 hour time frame. Disgusts me!
My secret light in the dusk
"Shut up, hun."
I don't want to be a smartass or anything. I'm genuinely curious about something. You insist that those who want to submit to the query shark read the archives first. That's what I've been doing, and I'm a little confused about the contradictory opinions I've found there. For instance:
If you could have dinner with three guests – (living or dead), who would you choose and why?
VAT reduced to 2.5%.
Also, see that pattern on the left? Simplicity 3965? Not only is it Simplicity (so I might actually know my alterations already), it’s the very same pattern the Sewaholic has made up into so many awesome versions!
He just smiled and gave me a Vegemite sandwich
My heart says Ben Saunders while my mind says Bryan Baker. While I’m a big Saunders fan, he’s just doesn’t seem to be turning the corner in his last several performances. Throw in a suspect chin and I think that Baker’s power will be the determining factor in this one. I’ll be happy if Ben wins, but I’ve got to go with Baker on this one. Baker by TKO in the 2nd.
It is always impossible to give a perfect treatment to your woodwork. However, all the precautionary measures which have been taken for the treatment of wood are just to keep them long lasting.
We are also in the same room we spent 5 weeks in last Spring. I actually prayed a couple hours before the surgery was over that we would get the same room. I know it's minor compared to everything else but for several reasons I wanted the same room. I was amazed when the surgical nurse told us we would be in the same room (I don't know why... it's not like I think God can't do that). But it was definitely a reminder that God cares about the little things that matter to us, even in the midst of the big things that matter to us. I am learning that I can ask God for anything, not just the big things. For some reason it's a recent revelation to me. And with that I am starting to involve God in more of my life.
So without further ado…Rudyard Kipling’s “If” (with my favorite lines underlined)…..
Cloudy gray times
Those who recognize the True Lord – I kiss their feet.
The House-passed bill would forbid industrial hemp, a botanical cousin to marijuana, from being listed as a controlled substance. It would only go into effect after the Drug Enforcement Agency certifies that at least two other New England states have adopted such legislation.
Are the critics of Sayyid Qutb, one of the most influential modern Islamists, hoping to provoke violence? Or are they defending liberalism in the hope of avoiding bloodshed? In his book Milestones, Qutb argued that ‘totality’ distinguished Islam from other religions. There was no God but Allah, whose laws defined everything of importance. He hated the separation of church and state. An Islamic system meant the ‘abolition of man-made laws’. Democracy was an abomination that put the wants of man above the laws of God. And such Islamists are implacably hostile to the Christian idea that all belief should be the genuine result of a questioning and open mind. Islamists call for simple obedience.
The three other projects on the road to HFA approval, all in Manhattan, set aside 20% or more of the floor area to affordable units. HFA's Lentz pointed out that a city inclusionary housing program "requires a low-income room size which may be larger then the market rate counterpart," which may explain the slight discrepancy between the Manhattan projects and 80 DeKalb.
1 ind
Most British brewers add 'late' hops to the copper either minutes from the end or at flame off to add aroma, this is a tried & tested technique which works & lifts the aroma of the resulting beer whilst adding little bitterness as the hop oils are not isomerised. However the aroma that can be achieved by steeping dry hops into fermented beer for at least a week is truly unrivaled.
His numerous papers — musical and literary manuscripts and correspondence in English, French, and Russian — are now stored in the Musical Division of the Library of Congress.
I'll pick a star from the sky
Let’s look at what can be considered to be the best rakeback.
Are someone worth dying for
After my rides, I would jet on over to Pantz's stable. My sister injured her kneeVERY badly during a work physical training, in late December. So BUSY -BUSY- with 2 horses and 2 stables!
7. Complete Project 365
Chanyeol can only trying to think positive now. Sooner they find something to eat, sooner his suffering will end.
Steven Pauwels, Brew Master
Twitter: @ottawasunkroche
I had to enter this challenge..
Each Nominee Should:
“Love keeps no score!” I swore to my sheets that night, warm trails of sadness leaving burning streaks on swollen flesh.
TO EVERYONE WHO PLACED AN ORDER AT THE CORNER SHOP: I'm doing a workshop on bread making today at my neighbourhood centre. I'll be in touch with everyone tomorrow.
It then goes into a recorded message saying that my improv rapper that I had been calling back was wanting me to lave a message after beep. Fo sho, aiight
Winix Plasmawave 9000 Air Purifier – Superb 5-Stage Filter System
His mood changed abruptly from despair to sullen resentment. “Why must you cluck like a hen laying an egg?” he inquired testily. “I will give you 50 pesos to be silent.”
I've been worrying about my family back in Arkansas
The City and The City - China Mieville
dissipate the darkness which covers me,
"I see radical Islam popping up, I see governments caving in to it. I see a lot of lawlessness going on because of political correctness.
Although the Israeli Supreme Court’s ruling disappointed me, I felt great admiration for their self-restraint and their ability to put their sworn duty above their deep personal feelings. It was an act of tremendous moral courage. It was an example of precisely the moral courage that the Nazis lacked, and that allowed them to perpetrate such a terrible holocaust against millions of Jews, Slavs, Rom, communists, moral objectors, homosexuals, and Catholics.
My kids have been reminding me for weeks about their favourite Taiwanese Mandopop and actress, Genie Zhuo meeting the fans session in Selayang mall. They have been singing most of her songs during our family numerous karaoke outings during the weekends. So, today I have to drive them there to see Genie Chuo.
Carbon, I have seen some Aquaponics system that mostly use gravity feed or small low power water pumps, natural lighting, it all keeps the cost of power down.
The pleasure is when you take off your riding jacket for a break and feel the breeze dry your sweat.
Jason is a calm and easy going little guy. He's somewhat delayed in his development but that is easily explained by the severity of his medical problems. He loves to rock in his seat, and has figured out how to do it by himself without any help - he's a smart one! He loves to blow raspberries and amuses his nannies with his intensity and concentration when doing so. He is able to sit up on his own and is learning to eat solid foods. Aside from his heart defect he is otherwise healthy.
Well you get this jest of this conversation. There were a few more emails shared until I decided to stop the madness because clearly this man thinks he has some God given right to lead a single life although he is married. Marriage is a big responsibility just like being a parent is. If you are not going to take your roll seriously don’t freakin do it! Marriage obviously does not hold the same meaning as it did for my grandparents and today we are celebrating open marriages, adultery, same sex marriages, marriages to children, polygamy and the like. What next, marriage to our pets, farm animals, our children? The meaning of marriage has all been destroyed and as the politically correct society that we are we are allowing it! We have all but destroyed the moral foundation of a civilized society for depravity and we are going to pay dearly for it. American’s have lost their minds and are we really sitting around wondering what the heck is going on and blaming Washington for it? Really? We all need to take one big look in the mirror and ask ourselves what is our contribution to the downfall of America as we knew it starting with marriage, followed by family.
#Occupy represents a new development in the globalisation of struggle. It facilitates links between the nations that face the tyranny of the austerity regime and the urban poor who made the Arab revolutions. It amplifies the global silent. Made possible, of course, by technological revolutions – the emergence of non-hierarchical online, globalised networks has, as such, facilitated the emergence of non-hierarchical protest globally.
If it weren’t for the local food movement, or cycling while surrounded by Mother Nature, I would have blasted by cleverly crafted gardens and the disheveled wilderness.
Are you feeling overwhelmed or discouraged by circumstances in your life? Are you forgetting what God has already done for you? In these tough economic times it is hard sometimes to keep looking up. We need to shut the news off and let God speak to us His Good News… as Christians we are not allowed to give up. God has so much He wants to do through those times of weakness. Let your strength and hope be in the Lord.
That is all for today.
Life were the finest works of cinema made in 2011, the former winning the top honour at the Venice Film Festival and the latter the top honour at Cannes Film Festival. Both films deal with theology. Both films showcase the respective director’s ability to create breathtaking visuals and soundtracks. Both films have and will continue to have their equal share of fans and detractors. While The Tree of Life was a cinematic work of stunning beauty dealing with elements physical and metaphysical that are good and thus encouraging the viewers to open their mind’s eye to beautiful aspects of life, Faust presents, in contrast, an unusual tale relating to both the good and the evil in life. Initially Sokurov’s Faust wallows in sequences of dark thoughts, the ugly and the grotesque to grapple with equally fascinating ruminations on philosophy, sociology and politics, while in the later parts the film takes you into a strange landscape, beautiful and unreal, devoid of habitation.
about a minute ago · Comment · Like
That is one of the issues with being homeless. Especially in the beginning you are so overwhelmed with the fact that you no longer have a place to live that you are not really thinking clearly. It happens so much faster than you think. Even if you know it could happen you still keeping hoping that some miracle is going to happen and you won't end up that way. I know with me, I was able to stave it off for much longer than what I really should have. But in the end it happened anyway. The first two months or so I was so depressed I could barely function. But you adjust. One of the people at the emergency number I spoke to told me that I have acclimated to my situation. Which I have in many ways. You don't really have a choice. You adjust to your surroundings and deal with your reality.
Moonstruck (John Patrick Shanley)
If you see Girl Scouts selling, please support them and buy a few (or a case) cookies. Once you have consumed massive quantities to satisfy your fix, hide the rest in the freezer to enjoy during the rest of the year.
I encourage you to submit any premium offers to ABC for a free and confidential review or contact your Publisher Relations manager with any questions.
So, presumably, anyone with a child could be a kids TV presenter. And why wouldn't you want to? It looks like great fun.
"In fact, that cannot be evidence for God if he is a naturalist, or an atheist. Because according to him its not possible to have evidence for God. If he is in fact an atheist in terms of his views on reality, then all of these things must be reinterpreted so they are regimented, or will conform to, will comport with that man's naturalism, or atheism." ~Greg Bahnsen (bit.ly/stillevidence)
When I visited the Wayne Thiebaud exhibit, I may have absorbed a little bit of the colors for my palette. Perhaps it's the urge to use cobalt for every shadow and dark space in existence, or the fact that I can't stop reaching for the pthalo green and manganese blue, but something is very different about how this has gone so far.
During a recent renovation, I found myself in possession of more than a few old doorknobs. If you know me at all, you know I hate to throw anything out. Not that I’m a hoarder but I just can’t justify discarding something that still has some use left in it! So, with that in mind, I took a long hard look at those doorknobs and came up with a pretty nifty idea for a coat rack. Find a piece of wooden plank or board that can’t be finished with a nice wood stain or paint. Then, simply screw the door knobs onto the board in even intervals and voila! Brand new coat rack! If you’re the artsy-crafty type, you can take advantage of the “empty canvas” the board provides you and get really creative.
Now, we all have our ups and downs, we all have our disagreements and Mrs Rigby actually thinks Mr Blair did a lot of harm to Britain and to Britain's interests, but she's never actually wished anybody ill, or dead. Never.
Hey you 5'08
Sometimes I show the children a picture of an unusual house and ask them who lives there, then we make up a story about that character. The children come up with lots of weird and wonderful answers but I’ve noticed that the favourites are aliens, zombies and princesses that have been kidnapped by a wicked witch. The scarier the story the more the children love it. They have a great sense of fair play though and the baddies are always killed in the end and the princess always either outwits the witch and escapes or occasionally a prince drops by and kills the witch for her.
"It was the fact that an arresting officer refused to identify herself, then struck me twice when I tried to photograph her lapel badge.
Two giants in the industry contacted by msnbc.com scoff at the Republican presidential candidate’s claims that porn is causing “a pandemic of harm” in America and contributing to violence against women.
Since you liked Quartet & Triptych, which is about my master thief and art forger, Luff Imbry, I would suggest The Other, from Underland Press in the US. It’s the first Imbry novel. It came out last month and it’s available in Kindle. You might also want to check with Angry Robot’s e-store in a little while. I’m just in the process of sending them the seven or eight Imbry stories that have appeared in various venues over the past few years.
that there just isn’t enough words…
You're amazing, Mom. You can do this.
"Oh, synonyms."
I thank my teacher for always planning ahead and being an example of what he taught. It is not easy to follow instructions when the man/woman teaching is not living what they’re teaching. I have learned to live by action, to teach by action and listen! Without action, without want and without patience, students and teachers will lose and be unsuccessful. I do not believe that my relationship with my teacher has been 100% error free, but it has displayed how much we know each other, and how good we are. At the end of the day, if you don’t know yourself, you can’t try to understand others and therefore we will lose the job or helping others or ourselves.
Tony Pulis was watching the Hibs v Celtic game yesterday and a possible target could be striker Stephen Fletcher.
What could be worse for 15 year old Raven Finch than being accused of being a witch by Ethan Noble, the annoying boy next door? Finding out he’s half warlock, half mortal, and he’s the only one who can help her when people start to disappear, and she fears she may be the next victim. Can this unlikely pair join forces against Agatha, the High Witch, who took Raven when she was born and has enslaved her at Castle Rock? Why are there similarities between Ethan and Raven, and why is it that all the peculiar things that are happening has her believing his accusations? Could it be that all the mixing of potions and reading of spell books to help Ethan is turning her into a witch? Or is her mind just
Library (which reminds me of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind; I say lie-brair-eee)
MRS. OBAMA: Thank you, everyone. Good afternoon. So is it hot enough? (Laughter.) We planned this especially. Lots of sun, no breeze, got you in your whites and hats. We’re going to bring you out scarves and mittens and boots soon to make it really comfortable. (Laughter.)
Schlenkerla Fasten Beer
Clearly technology is bent on destroying us.
Should I speak?
6. pleading
They roll one of each color and make funny sentences, or really great story starters.
I had spent years only moving my body with the goal of changing the size or shape of it – only choosing the things that burned the most calories even if I hated doing them. I snapped, I had had enough. I went to dance class. I didn’t try to estimate the calories that I was burning, I moved because I love to move. I danced because I love to dance.
My Little Family--I look at their faces around the dinner table and can't believe how blessed I am.
The named artist, Ai Weiwei, has confessed that he made “perhaps three or four” of the sunflower seeds and, in fact, he had the seeds made in the Chinese city of Jingdezhen, also known as the “porcelain city” of China. Is it really enough to have merely had the idea to be considered as the creator or author of a work? Or perhaps Ai Weiwei commissioned the work and had the rights assigned to him.
I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this.
Check New York Times "10 Most E-Mailed" articles. Read three.
Mirror of Consciousness ambitiously traverses a wide range of themes pertaining to art creativity Knowledge and theory. Its unique perspective lies in its exposition of Vedic Science as brought to light by His Holiness Maharishi Mahesh Yogi and in the application of the principle of this science to a preliminary analysis of the Vastusutra Upanishad. No other publication comprehensive vision.
So what's in store for May? I'll be back at the I Heart Market this month after a brief reprieve. Come and visit me on Saturday, the 5th May. Then I have another Gift Wrap Course running on Saturday, 12th May and I have a Teambuilding Gift Wrap Course with Investec on the 18th May. So much to look forward to!
Church chiefs have given permission for an Italian gangster’s tomb to be opened in an investigation worthy of a Dan Brown thriller.
Now, please note than when I speak of the vitality of these customs, I am not speaking of any supernatural ordering or any merit before God, and this is a rather important point in this discussion. I say not that bare Mennonite gathering halls are pleasing to God, only that they are pleasing to Mennonites. We could have a great discussion about whether God likes Pentecostal rock music; it is undeniable that Pentecostals like Pentecostal rock music. Every individual is edified on a natural level by those elements native to their own tradition. People like that which comes naturally.
we have no main lights in there yet, still waiting for the electrician
If using apples, peel, core and chop them in small pieces. Put in a saucepan with a splash of water and cook gently until beginning to soften. Allow to cool.
The scene is set as John Wilkes Booth, played by Chris Conner, walks out of a theater in Richmond to a group of fans congregating in the street. The building next to the “theater” was a Confederate Army recruitment center. As John Wilkes Booth leaves the theater, he proceeds to address the crowds gathering in the streets before entering a building.
Can I send you part or all of my ms. for review?
Maybe one thing or a combination of several aspects make you more creative one day compared to the next. For me, creative times come naturally. It’s what I am interested in and have a passion about so it is second nature to want to be involved in the creative process in some form during my day. It is also a conscious personal and business mantra: Be Creative Every Day.
Laws against such things as sexual battery already exist, and the crime isn't lightly punished. Yet the feminists have created an entirely new category of law that holds hostage any business and any male employee. Furthermore, any manager that abuses his position, for example in demanding a sexual quid pro quo, should be answerable to his own company management or shareholders, for his crime in reality resembles a kickback.
Yup .... I'm seriously excited about a pot! LOL. I can't wait to make good, yummy meals in here and then I'll share the recipes with you all. ;-)
NEWARK, May 1, 2012—NJIT Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering Kamalesh K. Sirkar was awarded a patent today for his water desalination technology. “Desalination Devices and Systems Using Porous Hydrophobic Hollow Fibers and Hydrophobic Porous Coatings” (US Patent Number 8,167,143) discloses membrane devices and methods for direct contact membrane distillation and vacuum membrane. Sirkar is Foundation Professor in Membrane Separations at NJIT’s Newark College of Engineering http://chemicaleng.njit.edu/. To see Sirkar at work, please visit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdTaSrtoqBQ.
Here's what I ended up doing for refried beans, sans the refried part.
over a five year period? How
Those legitimate means of expression are going well. The illusion that those who are looking for the triumph of Islamic fundamentalism now see “legitimate means of expression,” now that Moammar Gadhafi in Libya and Hosni Mubarak in Egypt are gone, simply do not grasp the difficulty of cultivating anything even approaching Western style values of liberty in traditional Islamic lands. The Taliban is regaining control in Afghanistan, Iran is still industriously building a nuclear weapon for its ruling ayatollah which it promises to use to destroy Israel and the U.S. And Bashar Assad, much celebrated by Liberals for his modernity and western outlook, ‘unexpectedly’ turned into a butcher.
and who.
Just a couple words about both, first Mark, if I had a dollar for every video I watched done (by Mark) I would have a whole bunch of dollars. He is extremely knowledgeable and a great teacher, so you just can't do any better or ask for more than that.
Cardstock/Papers: Black & white heart embossed cardstock
There will be some more masks so check back later in the week.
The net sales decline “primarily reflects challenges in consumer electronics, which are expected to continue in the near-term,” ShopNBC said in a press release.
I think I need to break into my bookshelf and call upon my backup support. The Flylady. If you’ve never heard of The Flylady, and you are struggling with organization and keeping your house clean, I strongly urge you to check out this free website and program. While I don’t agree with all aspects of the program (ex. wearing my shoes in the house), most of the other topics helped me tremendously when I did the program years ago.
But I didn't see any of this as concerning my son, who was always able to kick a ball straight, almost from when he could walk. We spent hours in our garden in Norfolk kicking a ball to each other. When we moved to Cambridge we continued on Lammas Land near our home in Newnham. Those times are very special to me - they were very important too, I think. We had a laugh and my son honed his skills enough to take part in the school team and be part of a team in a local league. Which is more than I ever did.
Are you offering any special incentives to your customers to remain loyal??
Why yes, yes she is.
“In his lab at Penn, Vijay Kumar and his team build flying quadrotors, small, agile robots that swarm, sense each other, and form ad hoc teams — for construction, surveying disasters and far more.”
This is a simple tutorial that applies to any type of stuffie. I'm showing how I make my stuffies; if you want to do it differently, go for it!
Like deep-blue desert winds with mirth
(Incidentally – and apropos of nothing; A Rough Shoot has no real bearing on this, beyond the fact that it's one of my favourite novels of the year so far – today is my birthday. Therefore, considering you didn't get a blog post on my birthday last year – merely a preview and review – think yourselves lucky you're getting one this year – and on a Sunday, too!)
THE CENTER FOR TALENT DEVELOPMENT at Northwestern University holds an annual summer conference for gifted students and their families. This year the conference is on June 23 at the university's Evanston campus. One of the sessions is "Twice Exceptional: Understanding the Paradox of High Ability and Learning Challenges," presented by Steve Zecker of Northwestern. From past experience we can attest to the fact that Zecker "gets" 2e. Find out more about the conference.
the MITM sat outside smoking a cigar and reaping compliments about his very cool panama hat!
In fact, I say Chuck Lorre and the other powers that be write off Alan and his pot smoking son (Did they really have to go there with Jake? So openly?) and make a show about Walden and Zoey. They’re funny, they’re cute, and I want to watch them.
Now towing the ruins of Christianity
Corruption and patronage have replaced principle and promised transparency in South Africa.
"I just--"
Media reports put it at between 10,000 and 15,000 protesters. The police counted 5,000 to 6,000, while Bersih claimed to have hit the 50,000 mark.
between Monticello's
Today, the population of Jerome hovers around 350, making it the least-populated city in the state of Arizona. Its most famous resident is probably Maynard James Keenan, the singer for Tool, who also co-owns the Caduceus Winery, which has a retail store in town. There’s also a boutique for Keenan’s other band, Puscifer, up a street or two. (Up truly meaning "above" in vertical Jerome.) Even if it’s no longer the “wickedest town in the West” (hello my former home of Oakland, CA!), Jerome still has some ghosts floating around.
Row 17-27- sc in each sc around (60) Finish off.
Sóller, Mallorca, Spain (Feb. 2012).
I have just come back from Inverkeithing High School and I have a story to share.
Blackburn Standard - Saturday 10 December 1898, page 11.
As the book progresses and introduces us to Kath’s circle of friends and relatives, we begin to appreciate her quest for acceptance and love. Admiration and desire aren’t enough, she needs to be accepted on a deeper, committed level.
Now, I love the look of airbrushing, but adding Panpastels helps create depth. One of the things I adore about the pastels is that some shades are pretty translucent so they show the undercolor, while still adding depth. I added some shading, and then I decided I wanted to add a pattern, so I pulled out a stencil and my perfect-medium. This is a stamp ink designed by Ranger for use with their perfect pearls. It acts as a fixative.
“The Lost Language,” David H. Keller, MD, 1934 – The son of a wealthy family refuses to communicate in anything other than a strange series of written symbols. Only his sister is able to reach him.
Hugs Hilda
The reason I am writing about this on this web site is that I want to focus on the things money can’t buy. The truly great people, places and things of B.C. won’t require money. A lot of them will require money but you will be able to appreciate them or honour them through this web site.
Keeping a log and analyzing the books I read made a big difference for me in making the transition from writer to author. In January 2010, I began picking apart every book I read into its constituent elements. Plot, character development, narrative arc, setting, dialogue. I picked apart what worked and what didn’t. I noted where I stopped reading and why. I explicitly lined out how I thought the writer was using specific elements of craft and what the effects were.
Los Alamos Park, Murrieta
Romantics What I like about you US
To my mind, the fine Victorian house on the right of this pair now looks as blank and characterless as the forehead of a botoxed old actress.
This past week was also my first week taking a prescription weight loss medication since Thursday. I don’t attribute all of my weight loss just to the diet pills, though. I was losing at a great rate earlier in the week. But I do think that the prescription is helping me with willpower. I’m also very happy to report that other than a bit of dry mouth (which just helps me drink more water), I have not had any side effects. In fact, rather than making me feel anxious, I feel calmer. And instead of giving me insomnia, I wake up feeling more rested than I have in a long time. I’m not saying that it’s a miracle drug, by any means, but I am thankful that it’s working, and that I had a good week. Here’s to another one next week.
He said he left the courthouse with assurances that the prosecutor’s office would look into the problem and fix it.
“Oh,” the other jury member replied, “I thought they were both on trial.”
Aha. The offer should be between $8 and 16k/ per book. (But if the project is a super sexy paranormal vampire romance and that’s selling like hot cakes, well, you should push for more. Knowing the market is part of this game as well.)
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Estate Brewers Harvest Ale
I have also decided to include breakfast and lunch, although simple, just so I don’t have to figure anything out this week.
There are constantly holiday events going on in WOW. There are two this month- Noblegarden and Children’s Week. Most players do a lot of these achievements on their own, but it is fun to take at least one achievement from a holiday and turn it into a guild event!
The controversy surrounding the theory of evolution is no longer a secret to scientists. The theory has come under criticism, and many scientists have said that the theory of evolution is inadequate in explaining what it claims to explain.
When we saw Barry for the first time at Metro Pro Wrestling it was easy to see why WWE has taken notice of the man that fans call MR Saturday Night. Recently Michael Barry came within seconds of defeating Tyler Cook for the NWA Kansas Championship in Kansas City earlier this year.
Hushed
“Simplicity is the ultimate way to sophistication.” Leonardo da Vinci
TERBUTALINE
Quickly, pick which of those storylines is played as “the wacky one”, which one is “the serious one” and which one is the “sometimes wacky, sometimes serious one”. There’s other storylines as well, Lorelai goes on a blind date with a guy she knew from high school who is, surprise surprise, now bald and fat. Her son runs away to his no good father who can’t look after him and sends him back. Lorelai’s daughter and Krause’s daughter are arrested for possessing dope. Peter Krause coaches a baseball game, but ends up yelling at the umpire and, I kid you not, actually throwing his cap into the dust in disgust as the umpire yells “you’re outta here!”
Hope your day is GREAT!!!
To round out these first posts, I wanted to share my Personal Mission Statement. Last year, I was reading some things from Brian Tracy and that led me to writing a Personal Mission Statement. This statement gives me clarity and defines how I want to live my life. It is timeless and a full of wisdom so that if I get off track I can read it and remind yourself of what how I want to live and be remembered. There are parts of it I am still working on, but I am work in progress.
Photos from the International Beer Expo in Secaucus
Symptoms of this 'anti-racism' include reverse discrimination such as the enforcement of discriminatory government policies, the general media portrayal of blacks as victims and whites as oppressors, etc. Due to our apartheid past this reverse discrimination has assumed a particularly acute form in South Africa. Symptoms include the elimination of the white (male) from the economy via rampant so-called 'affirmative action' and 'BEE', constant anti-white propaganda (ranging from the blatant to the subtle) via the state and private media, the suppression of Afrikaans, farm murders (and other violence), land redistribution, etc. All this carries on while an intolerable culture of extreme political correctness has been established. This has been done by a regime which justifies the 'positive' aspects of the above, while denying the existence of the negative, in the name of a new racist ideology called Transformation.
What started as two separate projects from tournament fighter Mike “Mike Z” Zaimont and artist Alex Ahad, meshed into a single game that not only gained the support of newcomers Reverge Labs and hungry rookie Autumn Games, but even gained the attention of veteran Konami.
Canned Maeg’ooma,
? Daily Vocal Care
I am looking forward to some prodromes so I can do some new experiments.
Doug: Piloted by five techs, this "multi-million dollar piece of merchandise" prepares to engage the Hulk. And right away, we have a cutaway -- to Gamma Base, where Doc Samson is trying to help some transient get his memory back. OK, back to fightin'. This Quintronic Man is weird, in that the tech in the head orders the guys running the four limbs to do certain things. Of course it's all pictured as if it would be fluid, but I'm thinking the delay in reaction time is going to cost somebody down the road here. Hulk scoffs at this new robot, but is soon on his backside. Foolishly thinking they've KO'd him on the first kick, the Quintronic Man moves in. Bad choice. He's barely able to parry the Hulk, who despite falling backward is able to rip the asphalt from under the giant.
60% chocolate bittersweet Ghirardelli chips
This morning, he waited for me, eager to get some food and part with me (O.K. this last thought is my pure fantasy.) I have to confess, as I got up this morning I hoped that I would see Joe, my friend, one last time. I was a bit saddened as I did not see him for almost an hour. Then, as I loaded my last bag into the car, Joe appeared running to the door, waiting. Quickly, I grabbed a tiny piece of bread that I left just for him and carefully extended my hand to Joe. Gently, he took the bread, ran to the edge of a step and began to eat.
White Clam Pizza--photos and recipe to follow!
Hello and Happy Summer to everyone!
*Sarah*
I've got a few people I've been feeling out, and I am starting to see some of the" fruits of my labor".
I would probably have avoided many, many sticky situations. Actually, I’ve got to be really honest here – I’ve already avoided many sticky situations because of the friends I do have.
Of the eight couples who have danced the rumba thus far in season 14, Knight and MacManus have the lowest score with 21.
I always stop for a moment and take it all in - especially on a day like today, You have the lake, the city, families spending the day together, dogs being walked, and lots of running, biking, skating. It's the best.
You’d be inclined to think the difference was because of the reason she gave. But a further experiment indicated otherwise…
- Classroom management and appealing to different learning styles
Attendees ran from Beer Geeks to sloven morons looking for a quick buzz. More sloven drunks than beer geeks... actually.
Li-ion batteries
No acknowledgment, so I would have stewed on it for a few minutes (again, it was really close) but I would have been over it by the time I sat through a traffic signal.
When you want some furniture for a new house your squeeze has made you buy, you have many choices. An antique shop full of old crap? IKEA full of new crap? A craft bit of joinery from someone that did better at woodwork than I did at school? The artistry is within the design and quality standard of its production. For any given piece of furniture the squeeze will decide what she wants based on its design, her taste, and I will simply go along hoping I can persuade her against anything that will involve me getting my screwdriver out and having to assemble anything “flat pack” from instructions poorly translated from an oriental language.
Recently I have been really challenged about taking responsibility, which has stemmed from reading a book called Boundaries, by Drs. Henry Cloud and John Townsend. The following quote runs off the back of their reading of Galatians 6:2, 5.
Thank goodness for the bisexuals next to me, the food wasn’t enough to keep me interested for those 3 hours.
Ancora una volta grazie per avemi dedicato del tempo e per i vostri commenti che sempre mi fanno sorridere, spero di avere sempre il vostro supporto.
- I saw my therapist today, where I mainly talked about Buddy and the whole party fiasco/apology debacle. She said I could tell him in a joking way that I'd like to be on the list once he starts dating from his friend-group. My first thought was "hell no." But then, you know, I started wondering. I looked through some Facebook photos I took of him. His eyes always seem to sparkle in those photos. It feels like we have a connection. I know I'm deluding myself if I think there's anything there, but well, there you go.
First, you should know two things:
“We want to be part of the community,” says Jon Olinto, co-founder of b.good, a new eatery in Burlington. “We want to give back and be a local-oriented small business. And we think serving locally-grown, natural burgers to kids is a good thing to do.”
It is probably not the most ideal angle this was filmed at, right when his face looks the most clear, his right hand moves across the head. It would look better, had the camera been a little higher, but for technical reasons I had to go with this angle.
While on tour in England in 2008, our British tour guide mentioned “We don’t do much medieval here”. My husband and I were standing in Salisbury Cathedral later in the day and I was thinking to myself, why not? That lovely spire that was the highest in Europe for many years was built in 1358 and it’s still standing! This got my imagination going and when I returned to the States, I began studying medieval British history with a vengeance.
4- This is a middle blue (pale colors are going to end in 0, 1, or 2; Middle colors are 4-6; and dark colors are 7-9)
Not to leave out today, volunteered again (my halo is getting so shiny), mowed the lawn and now I'm enjoying the night. Before I ramble anymore, I raise my glass in hopes you all have a great weekend!
Handclaps - Andrew Timar , Gordon Philips , Tina Pearson
A view of the two closet doorways opening from the hall into the kitchen. Removing these two closets and a smaller pantry area, opens up the kitchen which was one of my major goals. These two doors will become one opening and as a bonus will lighten up my dark hall.
Tara dancing with the Shannon Rovers.
Are you ready for another fun filled week?
And we didn't get it.
A: I think it’s probably a good thing although I don’t really know a lot about it, I know Ben finds it useful from our collective point of view, I’m a little behind the times, I still buy things with cash. I did get a smart phone upgrade the other day, thing is definitely smarter than me, it takes me about 3 minutes to unlock it but the phone can re-lock itself in the blink of an eye, this is what I call progress.
Even the self-made multi-billionaire mining magnate Patrice Motsepe stated on SA Television just a few weeks ago, that had it not been for the high standard of education he was afforded during the time of the National Party he would not have been where he is today. He went on to say that the discipline he learned in those schools carried him through to where he is today. He praised the old South Africa for what it gave blacks during those years.
But the thing is though, the most important point here, that you are unable to UNDERSTAND or know the truth UNTIL you repent. Repentance comes BEFORE knowledge of truth, not after: 2 Timothy 2:24-26
Striped Sea Bass & Oyster Papillote ($29) celery root, shitake mushroom, tomato, black truffle vin blanc. If there were Oscars for food, this dish would probably win for Best Drama - it arrived in a square, puffed up paper bag with rolled edges, and we all found ourselves waiting for the big reveal to see what's inside. Our server tore into the bag to expose a delicately cooked filet of loup de mer, steamed inside the bag with a slice of lemon, celery, shitake mushroom, and tomato - and of course the pleasant 'surprise', creamy oysters. The whole thing was then dressed with a black truffle white wine sauce that infused it with fragrant and unmistakeable truffle flavor.
I think my all-time favorite part of this party was that my normally EXTREMELY shy son was so at ease with the staff and Chuck E. that he got up with Chuck E. Cheese (normally he will hide behind me, so this was an unknown territory for us) and even danced with him and did the Ticket Blaster all by himself! People were AMAZED! It just goes to show how much fun he had!
The one flaw in my Grand Scheme was that I had no real skills in the this arena. I can cook, but not well. I can clean, but not well. Once that domestic delusion of mine was discarded and disposed, we set about to find a maid.
Here's a trio of rookie cards of your 1990 MLB draft #1 overall pick (Todd van WHOpple?). It's definitely fun to see him looking so young when you consider it's now the day after (or later, depending on when you read this) his 40th birthday. The UD is my favorite because of the cool action shot, although the Topps has the better of the two posed photos. These may be from the junk wax era and there may be enough in the world for everyone to have 10, but they're still a treasured part of my collection.
There are not ‘two things’ in experience. In the final analysis, which is, in fact, just the analysis based on our true experience, it is not even correct to say that all experience of the mind, body and world are permeated or saturated with awareness or presence.
(An extension of this is that in places where you can, send a message with your friending request, explaining the connection, and showing your professional intent. It's certainly something I appreciate.)
but take a left at the next right
So with that let me go back to the original topic of Bountiful Breasts and Slutty Samsungs. I promise there is a story to go with each but the darkness from the insomnia seems to have stolen the first part ….. they have a habit of doing that ….
Another question that raises serious doubts about the political Left’s belief in democratic principles is the violent Norwegian Marxist anarchist organization Blitz. This organization has since its inception in the early 1980’s extensively used violence and intimidation to curtail the freedom of its political opponents. And the truly shocking thing is that Blitz has since 1982 been allowed to stay in an old tenement building owned by the city of Oslo, despite the organization’s violent and undemocratic nature. Members of the Blitz movement were heavily involved in the physical assaults on members of anti-immigration organizations and for disrupting political meetings of the Progress Party in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The fact that the Norwegian authorities have chosen not to intervene and evict Blitz from their base in Oslo is clear evidence that the political left-wing establishment silently condones the Blitz’s behaviour, which may not be that hard to understand when we consider the political Left’s support for militant organizations abroad.
The University of Tennessee "Body Farm" conducted the tests on the car's air samples Aug. 10, and on Wednesday their conclusion was released: a human corpse had been decomposing there.
Having a male narrator in the form of nineteen year old Jackson, is a refreshing change. I enjoyed seeing and hearing about things from a male perspective and he makes a fantastic central character who I really loved by the end of the book. His sole purpose in 'Tempest' is to ensure the safety of his girlfriend Holly and he's willing to do literally anything to protect her. Jackson and Holly are both only nineteen but they have a very mature and grown-up relationship and are secure in their feelings for each other. There are some incredibly romantic and sizzling moments between them and I was rooting for them all the way. I loved Jackson's completely unswerving devotion and loyalty to Holly and the sacrifices he makes for her are admirable. They're definitely my new favourite book couple!
Thanks for letting me vent.
When you brought the dry clothes in, you had a clothes basket of wicker lined with an old cotton blanket. With a pint sized bottle corked with a spray top. you sprinkled all of the clothes to be ironed (which was most) rolled them up and packed them into the basket and then pulling the blanket sides around them so they would be evenly damp by Tuesday which was ironing day.
Verse 8 tells us to do this. It tells us to dwell upon only those things that are good (true, honorable, right, pure, lovely, good repute, excellent and worthy of praise). When we do this, God begins to work in our heart. This work begins to produce gratitude. When you are grateful, then as verse 9 suggests, the God of peace will be with you. That peace will bring contentment along with it, no matter what the circumstances (verse 11).
Bracket Die : Tim Holtz
Self Conscious Over You – The Outcasts
‘Hey Boss, can I have a payslip, please,’ I asked after our first pay came through.
Now, I have no problem with candidates trying to convince me to vote for them. That is their job, after all. What I do have a problem with is a candidate pronouncing that I’m going about making my decision the wrong way. If I choose to vote for a candidate because I not only agree with their thinking–but I also believe they have the best chance of winning when compared with a crowded slate of similar candidates—it is unfair to tell me this is wrong or negative.
- Get others to take on household responsibility, including children.
So while we are busy with all that, I leave you with yet another black-and-whitey snowy picture!
when it all comes together. More importantly, we are both excited
In the late 80s through the mid 90s after I had stopped drawing the Poodle Doodles comic strip, I began drawing and painting on wood. I started out painting seasonal items for Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas. Initially these became household decorations. Many of them are still displayed around our house, inside and out for the holidays to this day.
One of the things that I love to do besides photography is the outdoors. Last weekend, I have the time to climb my first mountain ever with the lovely boyfriend. Just FYI, my goal is to climb the Mt Everest. I will work toward that goal from now.
Prayer Requests:
“I remember when she was here and I was not feeling well, she called me aside after the show and consoled me as a parent,” said Montewa.
(I love blackberry and strawberry mix with whipped cream),
*UPDATE: Due to the recent information becoming available about plagiarism by The Story Siren, we will no longer be participating in any of The Story Siren's meme's including IMM and The Debut Author Challenge. While we would still love to visit everyone's blog on the linky list - we will not be a visitor on her site any longer. We shall try our best to visit the weekly posts of others that we normally visit on Sundays and will continue to visit those that leave us a link to their weekly post as well. - Jessica
Since being diagnosed with cancer in December my wife and I have been on the receiving end of a lot of generosity. Our church family has been wonderful as have our blood family, relatives, and friends.
Wallet √
"On my visit yesterday I did not observe any digger damage to the children’s burial ground or any other currently recorded archaeological site." ... Paul's email 25 August 2011.
Ramos: 4
They’ve struck a bargain, these two lonely characters. Rafe will play stud to Gwenyth’s child if Gwenyth will travel to Rafe’s ancestral home and use her Sight to find him a wife. But both will have to throw their carefully laid plans to the wind if they are to take a chance on love…
I must say that I do appreciate everyone taking the time to read my writings. They are, at the time at which I write, an emotional release and a way to document and later analyze and piece together seemingly disparate events into a more cohesive understanding holistically. I also hope that they bring some meaning and insight into others lives, such as your own in a relevant way. Certainly, feedback through relating events in one's own life and through comparative analysis has meant a lot to me as well in helping me to understand better, my own sense of self.
I had to buy some. They looked so good in the case. I also picked up other meats and some bread and mushrooms to use with the beef broth I made yesterday and do a soup if it rains this weekend.
The worst thing I have ever said in French is... nothing. I'm still in that stage where speaking is so difficult for me, and not having enough vocabulary and expressions makes me feel truly handicapped. Saying nothing is also harmful because it means I'm not practicing at least *trying* to say more and really making the whole situation worse. I've been thinking about how saying something is better than saying nothing, even if in error. Like "beau cul" for "beaucoup" from Lindsey. *giggle* That is pretty cute, lol. ;-)
Among the problems: a cracked (albeit functional) tension dial, whose settings ring had come off in shipping.
The Twelve Days of Christmas
While that’s cooking, you’ll want to sweat your veggies in butter on the stove (geez, that was one too many prepositions…) Cook those up little guys until the onions are translucent. Now, throw in those spices! In goes the garlic (let that swim around in there until it starts to smell delicious), cayenne pepper, oregano, and the thyme. It’s going to smell so good. Next, mix in the diced tomatoes, followed by the paste, letting all those flavors cook together for a minute or two.
A sidenote on the state of the roads. Except for a few kilometers outside Steynsburg, and the stretch from Rouxville to Wepener (which was struly awful), the road is in great shape. The bad parts are being repaired or remade. More verification for my stance that the popular pronouncement that “our roads are buggered” is simply not true. Some are, but most are not. We will revisit this topic at the end of our trip.
For the last several weeks, my commute has been enlivened by the Japanese CD, all 99 tracks of it. I don’t play it on endless loop, but I have probably heard the whole thing through 5 or 6 times. I say heard rather than listened to, because the benefit of having the CD in the car is that it becomes background. Once you have heard something often enough, it lodges in your head. How many appalling pop songs can you sing along to?
Becky =)
30 minutes – Nice shot of the Manchester City banner to Sheikh Mansour there. I have my own one in my house. It says : “YOUR DIVORCE LAWYER THANKS YOU, JANET SHED!”.
Neill, you don't need to say it. I know I nailed it.
Meaning: From west of the village
It hurts me.
"It was totally unexpected," Mulugeta said of the discovery.
And that’s the motivation behind DailyFeats, the B-Corp certified, reward-based good-habit tracker that helps people keep their goals in sight through simple daily activities. For example, instead of one umbrella goal of “Lose 10 Pounds,” DailyFeats breaks down that goal into more manageable metrics, such as “Eat fruits and veggies” or “Do Pushups” that users can check in to on a daily basis. Veer Gidwaney, the co-founder and CEO of DailyFeats, says that this method is a simple way for people to get into forming good habits.
There was a dog. But -- as the Jewish Chronicle clarifies - "all that had happened was that the city dog catcher had been called to remove the stray." From from regarding the punishment as appropriate, the court official stressed that "there is no basis for stoning dogs or any other animal in the Jewish religion, not since the days of the Temple or Abraham."
DRUM ROLLS PLEASE. You will be a member of Creative Kuts Klub with any purchase beginning April 1st. Creative Kuts Klub Members will receive a frequent shoppers card redeemable for a file of your choice after a total of 5 $10 purchases made from regular listed price Full details to be posted on our website and facebook. In addition, Creative Kuts Klub Members will receive an opportunity to receive a free Itty Bitty Kut of their choice after submission of 10 projects created by using Creative Kuts files.
I think of this poem every time I walk by this area. The sidewalk, or lack thereof, is a part of my life, but its ordinary nature makes me want to capture it. So I wrote a poem of my own.
recipe courtesy of Marcey Brownstein Catering
by G. D. Watson
It even says so on her blog header:
Hold your head up high babies.
All the materials used for kids are big and bold and so she should not have a problem reading them. When she gets older and the font begins to shrink, there are magnifiers that she can use to glide across the page and other aids she can use to help her out. We'll cross that bridge is we ever get to it.
6 The Caper Story - I Wish I Did
I guess the OLD Doctor isn't that far out of step after all. I think some people found the underaged beers more likable just like some people prefer to drink their wines young and full of tannins? Preference or not as defined palate? Hmmmm. Does really matter..... I think the winners were all worthy. ;-)
The utterances by the ANC government's chief spokesman Jimmy Manyi earlier this year, targeting the minority coloured community, and the ruling party's subsequent attack on cabinet minister Trevor Manuel ( also a man of colour) for defending the non-racism of the ANC against Manyi's ethnic politicking, is indicative of at least a tolerance for racial politics within the organisation.
I feel like I've been in a creative funk for the past few.. I don't know, months?
1. http://butterfliesdilemmas.wordpress.com/2012/03/29/dear-insecurity/…Their posts are such that you can relate to them and thats what makes them more enjoyable coz you’re like.. hold on I think that too!!
…the Bleacherman has entered the stadium…
2 experimental
My favorite coffee moment was when I started to drink my coffee straight black. I had consumed coffee for a good bit of 4 years before that moment but always with a splash of milk & the occasional half a lump of sugar.
Finished - 1 YAY!!!!!
(This brief note is more like a TMoB message, but the TMoB board has gotten cranky about posts with more than a few links. If I've made any factual errors, I hope someone corrects me.)
This token of appreciation came about because of a little essay I wrote last week in the newsletter for these people about how the physical qualities of a building affects the emotional responses and thus the ongoing relationships of the people within the structure. Unbeknownst to me, people read this in-house newsletter and a dozen or so people came up to me and thanked me for my essay. Totally outside of any official recognition, Dale, who happened to have this rose, came up to me and gave it to me, saying it was a little gift to me for my beautiful essay. This was such a unique experience for me that I immediately gave my pocket camera to Duncan who took this picture.
Well, I'm back! We had an awesome week with my family and some shitty wi-fi up in the mountains in Gatlinburg. I mention that wi-fi only because my husband, who works with computers; my dad, who has a degree in computer sciences; and my brother, who is a computer geek, couldn't figure out what was wrong with it for over 24 hours.
I know these things can happen even years into an expat life in some other country - you think you've basically got it figured out, the bumps are minimal, life is going smoothly (or as smoothly as possible with a family illness to deal with) and fulfillingly, and then BAM! You find your muscles knotting up, you can't seem to say anything clearly, everyone misinterprets you, or they say things you just don't want to or care to hear. To wit, the old guy at 7-11 who, when he saw me buy a Liberty Times, said "That paper is LIES! We are all Chinese and we have 5,000 years of history. You foreigners can't understand. Don't buy that paper of lies!" He said this in English, no less. And me with no good response to such nonsense beyond "大家有他們自己的想法, 大部分的台灣人不同意你的意見" and, after he wouldn't let up "你好傲慢喔" before walking away.
Moving commences next week. I have the keys to the new place already but don't take possession until Sunday, the 15th. Electrical and water meter readings that day. Cable, tv and internet transfer on the 18th.
So I currently sit, after 1 year being back home, restless, bored, feeling....like my life is wasting away.
Have depression
The voice said again. “Please do not be scared and come into the house we have much to talk about.”
Does this thrifted dress scream "IKEA" to anyone else? I'm convinced that it was handmade from one of their window curtains.
Sitting in a giant swell whist mountains of water crash past you is fucking exciting. I'm not that good a surfer. I'm a good swimmer, comfortable swimming around in it but only a weekend warrior when it comes to negotiating the surf with a 1.7m pointy fiberglass board with blades (three of them for good measure). I caught some good ones, got smashed and rag-dolled through the washing machine a few times. I judged that my bigger 'fun board' was too big to duck dive easily in this swell and I needed to be sure I could get under the waves - the tradeoff is that as you select a smaller shorter board they are slower to paddle and when you try to catch a wave you have to be exactly in the right spot (you can't paddle in or out as fast to be in the right place) and you tend to end up higher on the face before you have the speed to 'pop' (i.e. stand). You do not want to be up high on the lip of a wave tied to a fiberglass block resplendent with points and blades as the wave breaks or it will throw you forward and you will get to experience water in a whole new way. Shorter boards are also less forgiving about body position on take off and if you are too far forward they will nose dive, catapulting you forward into the abyss only to be met by the lip as is crashes down and aquatints you with the bottom before it surges you around a few times. But short boards move over the water more nimbly once you are up and running.
* Centralized water heater
Well, I was wrong, and so was almost everyone else. The killing of Stephen Lawrence was described today by a senior police officer as 'one of the most significant cases of its time.' Two of Stephen's killers were finally convicted today - an extraordinary 18 years after his death. The Metropolitan Police's original investigation into his death was appallingly incompetent. Neville and Doreen Lawrence never ceased in their battle for justice for their son, backed by another paper, the Daily Mail, whose editor, Paul Dacre had also, I believe, employed Stephen's father. Their efforts eventually led to a public inquiry which revealed the Met's institutionalised racism - a racism that reached beyond the police and into wider society. The case changed the UK in many ways - summarised here - but I believe that not enough has changed.
Even his friends are probably more awesome than yours. You think you have academically impressive friends, because they aced the MCATs or went to top-5 law schools? His high school friend and college roommate is doing doctoral research at MIT on an NSF fellowship, and is spending the summer at CERN. Your roommate last summer placed third in her division in her most recent 5K? His has a closetful of Olympic medals and world championships.
And the runner-up, Picasso’s “Nude, Green Leaves, and Bust”:
Based on International Best-Selling Novel and Loaded With More Than Four Hours of Behind-the-Scenes Footage and Commentary
STUDIO: Focus
Even in writing this I feel like I'm getting on to her, but in reality I'm pointing out my own flaws. I feel like I'm going about this all wrong. I feel like I'm a bad "parent". If I'm not ready to take care of someone else's child, how could I ever be a good parent to my own? Maybe I shouldn't have kids. Maybe that's why God hasn't given them to me yet. Because I'm not supposed to have my own. Maybe I haven't shown him yet that I deserve that gift, and now I never will. Because I'm doing so badly with Breanna.
The archbishops' message came after Pope Benedict XVI on Friday denounced what he called the "powerful" gay marriage lobby in America and told visiting US bishops to not back down in the face of "powerful political and cultural currents seeking to alter the legal definition of marriage".
(NB: I haven't yet read Krauss's interview, though I will.)
So a few days ago, I said that I would talk about a couple of stores that my cousin and I went to while we were on our mini Claremont adventure.
Clear Vinyl- around $5
DCWV "the Blossoms & Butterflies stack" I found this really cool Sketch
A week before my wedding, my mom handed me the wedding band that Sue had always claimed. I don't even remember the moment now, but I know that my mother insisted that I have it and wear it on my wedding day. She was very insistent and I knew it was important to her for all the right reasons. So I took it and after twenty-eight years, it is still on my finger.
4. When challenging foreign wars, Paul often points out that war disproportionately affects minority families.
My name is K. I am a huge fan of your work. Some of my family and friends read your blog so I was wondering if you post this if you could leave my name out. Even though they read this they think I’m a little “out there”.
A forest fire of inquiry,
This movie is definitely better than most people are saying. I thought it was fantastic. People always bitch about any kind of remake or sequel, because it never lives up to their rose-tinted nostalgic memories. THE ORIGINAL SERIES WAS ACTUALLY REALLY AWFUL. Yes, those of us who were 7 years old in 1981 LOVED the show. The dinosaur battles were TEH AWESOME. However, the original series was clearly KIDDIE SHIT. NOT for adults. The dinosaurs were clay. The Sleestak — though they scared the shit out of me — were clearly just men in rubber suits. I’ve viewed original episodes in the last 2 yrs, and they SUCK SUCK SUCK.
However, having grown up being told that “you don’t get anything for nothing”, I confess that when I heard about this last year I was unpleasantly confused and a little bit scared… did this mean altruistic aliens had landed, hadn’t made the headlines and everyone but me had lost their brains and bodies to little green men without my knowledge? (My answer to anything worrying -
Keith G.
Visit her website at www.louisepenny.com to get a full sense of all seven books in the series and treat yourself so her blog posts to get a full sense of the delightful woman who writes them.
After dinner we had some strawberry popsicles...
Wash your jars and lids in hot soapy water. Heat a large pot of boiling water (this will be to boil the jars. You'll need about 2 inches of water above the tops of the jars, so make sure your pot is big).
his dad was also born on a Mother's day, 29 years ago...how cool is that!!
You can still kiss our ass.
Here’s the final image:
The co-op is sponsored by social workers from Cleveland who hold pre-holiday sales among their friends and co-workers and University Hospitals and the Cleveland Clinic. They do a lot more as well to help the women educate their children. There are currently 47 members but not all are grown women. On Saturdays, the girls in the co-op also come to the shop and bead along side the adults.
HARASSED-LOOKING men jostled for their turn to park haphazardly by the entrance. Solid women accosted them, jabbing clinking carrier bags into their chests and demanding that they lift 25-litre drums of cooking oil into the tiny, groaning cars, two or three at a time. “Jesus,” I thought. “So this is shopping?”
Hello and happy Friday! Thanks for joining us again here at Stamp Something! We love having you play along with us each week! A big thanks to all of our Digi Day players last week! Lots of fabulous digital creations to be seen! Always a fun week! Thank you as well to all of our fabulous Digi Day Sponsors too!
and remember to pick up a journal as you practice being a deliberate creator. Allow yourself to step into your Greatness and bring your dreams to life!
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, cream butter on high until light and fluffy (about 3 minutes). Add brown sugar, crumbling it with your hands as you add it to remove any lumps, and mix on medium-high until smooth, about 1 minute. Add honey and mix until well combined. Scrape down sides & bottom of bowl with rubber spatula halfway through mixing to ensure even distribution.
The weekend before thanksgiving we have the Hoffman Annual meeting. And since we are in Pullman this year it made for a great reason to make the trip back home. We decided to fly out on Wednesday night, and Matt flew home Sunday morning and the kids and I planned to drive home Wednesday with my parents since they were planning on coming here for thanksgiving. Sounds like a simple plan right? HA
At just $50 for four courses and five beers with my hosting flair thrown in for free – what more could you possibly want? Friday October 30, 7 o'clock for a 7.30 start.
Zines 101 – A Quick Guide to Zines
wossy: and once again, you're wearing jeans in a way which is unconvincing.
They highlight the fact that the proposal includes lighting columns up to 18m high (60ft in old money!). They also point out that the new National Planning Framework (NPPF) published just a couple of weeks ago, states “great weight should be given to conserving landscape and scenic beauty in National Parks. The conservation of wildlife and cultural heritage are important considerations and should be given great weight”.
He at­tend­ed Phil­lips An­do­ver Acad­e­my (had Oliver Wendell Holmes for a school ­mate there) and attended Yale Un­i­ver­si­ty. Palmer first taught (New York and Con­nec­ti­cut and later was or­dained a Con­gre­ga­tion­al min­is­ter. He pas­tored in Maine and New York. He eventually served as Sec­re­ta­ry of the Con­gre­ga­tion­al Un­ion.
I do find that it seems harder, as it gets closer to the end, to not grab an olive or two off someone’s plate, or a bite of baked chicken in the fridge, or a cashew or two from the nut jar, but these are still rare occurrences, and involve very small amounts of food. Part of the reason it has gotten harder is that I’ve lost quite a bit of weight, am closer to goal, and will soon be on real food again. Somehow this has made it easier for me to justify that bite of real food. But it would have been better to resist.
Now, don't get me wrong. Sarah and Adam are both brilliant and were super nice to us fledgling writers. But basically, what we did for a day and a half was read samples of famous writers' work and analyze them. We didn't write anything. We didn't talk about how to write a novel. It was, therefore, not a novel writing class. It was a literary analysis class.
Note the grainline: not horizontal, not vertical, but on a 45-degree angle so that it's cut on the bias. I was taught that this helps with stretch in that area.
Finding enough hand holds, he climbs to the top of the warehouse and crawls towards the guy on the roof. He has to prevent the sentinel from alerting the rest of the gang and sees no other option than to take him down. When Larryl is real close, he attacks and hurts the guy very badly. In a second attack he finishes him off. The roof cleared, he cleans his weapon and climbs down to return to Tonks and Magnys, who are waiting impatiently.
Hello abode lovers and happy Monday. I am completely under the weather today... ugh, I'm all hopped up on Zicam, Mucinex, Ibuprofen and 2 varieties of cough drops, thanks to Mister Husband. Although I am not doing so well, or looking so hot, I am so excited to share this diy with you today, so here I am! Anyone remember Landon & Kelli's living room redesign? Or their Master Bedroom? They are some of my favorite friends and clients and it's always a pleasure to work with them! Anyway, this time, we are tackling a new space In their lovely abode... one of their guest bedrooms! We've discussed an otomi headboard for a while, but otomi fabric can be a bit pricey... so we went to plan B. Cheap paint.
“And your scooter keys,” he says.
* By and large, mothers and housewives are the only workers who do not have regular time off. They are the great vacationless class. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
A few weeks ago four cops brutally assaulted patrons at the Catz Pajamas Restaurant in Mellville, everything also caught on shocking CCTV footage. The video can be seen below along with the killing of Tatane’s video.
Without soil the earth would be barren rock and we would have never been made.
hand-painted skulls, my first attempt...
Elevated to the highest crown
Judas Iscariot:
Recall James Crooker
They work at the bottle factory which is run and otherwise staffed by Italians apart from Patrick, the Irish van driver. The girls stick the labels on the wine and the men operate the bottling plant. Freda has the hots for trainee manager Vittorio; he is engaged to an Italian girl, but Freda hopes she can persuade him otherwise. Brenda, meanwhile, has to fight off the advances and fumblings of Mr Rossi. Little do the men realise the effect that introducing two English girls into the factory will have on the whole place!
A touching, tragic, human story.
How You Can Help
Jeannie and PeyPey exited the theater onto the streets of Five Points and, not being so sure of their surroundings and having already been approached by a man wearing a Members Only jacket and carrying a briefcase, while almost simultaneously being pummelled over on the sidewalk by a drunk kid, they called on the safety of Walter's taxi services who had picked them up from the restaurant and taken them to the concert.
1/4 cup diced fried bacon pieces
Okay their may be more than two Waxworks movies but for this episode? We're only reviewing two.
- I said, 'You rape 'em wise?'
Well, hello. It’s been quite a while since my last blog post, and with good reason. Last year I changed my job; no longer am I school based. These days I work at TES, devoting time to finding and creating quality resources that support pupils with SEN. I still, however, like to keep up to date on what is happening in education and spend time exploring lots of web based ideas I think might be interesting and I thought, what with today being the 29th February and therefore a little special, I’d share a few new finds an old favourites. All these sites have some link to inclusion (even when it’s not obvious – I will explain) and all of them are free to use. So here we go – a special top ten for a special day! Hopefully there’s something for everyone here.
I'll tell you what, from now on when I am running the weedeater I am really going to scout out bushes and overhanging trees and look for these gray nests. I do have to admit that the hornets are beautiful a black and ivory body and the nest has the most beautiful swirls and silvery colorings I have ever seen but I think that I prefer to see them on the internet......definitely NOT in person!!!
Obligation – often too much or too little is seen in applicants
— Phillips Brooks
I had planned to make up my Friday run this weekend, but my stomach had other plans for me. Hopefully this week I’ll be able to run 4 days so I can still make it up and not get behind.
7. What's your favorite time of day?
Hi all, well it has been super busy here. My kiddos are finally done with school and my son graduated 'moved up' to the middle school for 5th grade....seriously I can't believe I have a 5th grader!!!
Do you think this will be a one off or an annual event?
But this understanding is completely backwards; black slaves would have been better off if the Constitution counted them at one-fifth, or not at all. The southern states would have been much happier had the slaves counted as whole persons, or better yet, 5 persons each!
14. Lewis Thomas "The Lives of a Cell"
His skin was painted a little bit differently to normal. Rather than painting it in the pale skin tones of the rest of the Skorne I’ve done (e.g. Molik Karn or the Bloodrunners), I wanted to make him look really quite unhealthy. It doesn’t come out in the pictures quite as much as I’d hoped, but his skin was painted in the regular skin tones for the army, but then I hit it with a red wash, a flesh wash and (in some places) a sepia wash which all mixed together to give a really unhealthy effect. The red ended up settling to look like rashes and skin lesions, while the flesh wash added to the slightly ruddier complexion. The sepia was applied to areas where I thought sweat would build up, and so was put on under the arms, around the face a bit, and across the chest. The overall effect is fantastic, and puts me in mind of nothing so much as Baron Harkonnen from the Dune series of novels.
Sometimes it can be hard to tell if the promise is kept, however. If you’re reading a long piece like a novella or full-length novel, but you’re only seeing it in increments (chapters), the explanation for the new behavior may not show up in the material you’re reading. In that case, you need to ask about it. If it’s a mistake, it’s possible the author didn’t realize she’d made it.
In learning these 4 movements and their encoded meanings, you will be exploring these themes physically with your body. The bodywork on each move is then followed by guided poetry-writing exercises that are linked to the same themes for the ultimate mind-body experience.
whose large and looming lunar mouth
The apostles performed many miraculous signs and wonders among the people. And all the believers used to meet together in Solomon’s Colonnade. (Acts 5:12)
(I managed to get this picture of KC looking straight at me after 6 tries! ) It's tough for him to make eye contact, if he does it's very quick! Gotta be fast to catch this guy!)
As promised, following my ‘tour’ of the Lake District during the April A-Z blogging challenge, I’m extending the tour to cover other interesting places in North West England. It’ll be another A-Z tour, but with a new one each week, rather than each day! So hope you’ll join me on my ‘Thursday Tour’ of this part of England.
*Note to Matthew Weiner: More Alison Brie is always good. Always.
Hi! Kristy owner/designer of Some Odd Girl Digital Stamps here! I am thrilled to be sponsoring Stamp Something!
Then there was this Belgian-style golden ale called GOLDEN DOOM. Good name, and really good beer. It’s pictured here. It’s a thick, orange-colored sweet ale, with just a TON of yeast collecting in the back of the throat. Yow. I think they may have thrown in a little butterscotch to keep the pundits guessing. A well-done take on an underappreciated (by me) style. 7.5/10. Onward to “strong beer month”!
Artists:Charles Neidich, Ayako Oshima,Gerard Reuter, Marc Schachmann, Dennis Godburn, Michael O’Donovan,William Purvis,Stewart Rose,
It simply did not compute.
By the 1500s, rumors about rich gold deposits around the rivers Yaracuy, Santa Cruz, and Aroa brought Spanish settlers, including members of the Bolivar family, to the region. In 1605, more precise locations of ores became known, particularly in a small valley lateral to the Aroa River next to La Quebrada de Las Minas.
Dean got his heart back that night and hasn’t stopped running. That was almost twenty years ago.
Only a few people were allowed into the birthing room, which was a large operating-like room, and the birth was taking place behind a curtained-off area; and behind the curtained-off area I briefly saw someone open the curtain to come out & so I saw that the woman was in a metal tub-like thing to help with the birthing process I guess.
The men in the room laughed, a sound of camaraderie, not mockery. Maleta stared at the newcomer. His aura was different from his companions. The shining gold of a pure soul was blinding in the surrounding darkness. That’s all she needed! What was a paladin doing in a place like this?
I explained that the beans were the bean plants seeds. I did get a look of surprise at that!
Please take note that the following is a condensed version of Rev. Dieleman’s original sermon. The link to the full sermon is here.
“You are right Jessie, as usual. What do you want to do when this joke is over?” Just as I say the words I am interrupted by something familiar feeling. A rough and hard signature, like its owner. “Jessie, it’s Rex.”
"Pictures of Matchstick Men" by Status Quo
Who loves lovely flower photos? Oh good, you are in exactly the right place.
Now onto a delicious and decadent recipe that I kinda made up myself! It is ridiculously easy, rich, and a wonderful treat to gift or snack on after a hard day. I started with this recipe by Melissa Clark of the New York Times, who is like my modern day Minimalist. But I wanted to up the "wow" factor and decided to make a slightly wicked version with alcohol. I had good whisky on hand as well as sea salt so why not (you can replace with the alcohol of your choice!)
This is why I am still breathing.
A few hours later, I had a reply (thanks, Sonja!). The 1935 edition read "a pasture that stretched much farther than a man could see, and there were no people." Wilder and Nordstrom changed people to settlers.
A sudden breeze brought him back to his senses, made him realize that he was dreaming within a dream, he woke up from the second one, realized that he was lonely in the first one and made a willful attempt at clearing his head, he was now in reality. His reality sucked, he could remember, up until that day he saw her, without knowing the glint had come on.
that is you Sandra ...Congratulations.... please do email me before the 19th September to claim your prize.
Wal: Well…. Actually…. Thing is…..
To finish off the card, I added some velvet pale pink ribbon and crochet ribbon from the Really Reasonable Ribbon store, along with a flower from Zva Creative.
The fifth and sixth installments, Wolves of the Calla and Song of Susannah, are probably the weakest links. In Wolves of the Calla, King really crosses into metafictional territory, spicing it with cross-references — and even one major character — from his other works, as well as elements from Marvel comics, Star Wars and Harry Potter. There is a lot going on in these two novels, maybe a bit too much for some readers. But having journeyed this far, it seems a shame to stop now, and both are still great fun, especially Wolves, which features a spaghetti Western-style showdown at the end. I do have to say that these books introduce King’s most audacious twist of all, which I won’t spoil. Some readers see this as a shocking and arrogant bit of hubris, although I look at it not only as an interesting experiment with reality within fiction, but also a culmination of themes King has been writing about for a long time. It may not be completely successful, but it certainly is something new.
In the moments leading up to dawn,
Publisher: St. Martin's Press/St. Martin's Griffin
Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 12-cup Bundt pan. Whisk first 8 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until smooth. Add both sugars and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating 1 minute after each addition. Beat in vanilla extract, then Greek-style yogurt. Add dry ingredients; beat just until blended. Fold in almonds and all cranberries. Transfer batter to prepared Bundt pan.
The orchard will bloom; someone will play the guitar.
on sale for $2.39
This is such a comfortable dress. I ended up having a little bit of retail therapy at Dots after lunch. I bought two more tops that will be working themselves into April's or maybe even May's capsules. I have a couple of more ideas for theme months, mostly revolving around different colour mixes.
According to the American Psychological Association, the girlie-girl culture’s emphasis on beauty and play-sexiness can increase girls’ vulnerability to the pitfalls that most concern parents: depression, eating disorders, distorted body image, risky sexual behavior.
"I am Madame Imelda" she intoned. "Mistress of Mysticism, Empress of Enchantment, and Diva of Divination! I know past, present, and future! I have access to those worlds beyond normal sight, sound, smell, touch, and thought! I speak with the spirits, hobnob with the hobgoblins, and play host to the ghosts! Now, what can I do for you?"
She shivered. “It’s like The Children of the Corn.”
do something that could hopefully use that joy but fit it into a
Has that ever happened to you?
A quick scan of the beer reviews I did last year showed about only 20% were Welsh beers.
Welcome to Obama's Army.
Ahhh, I get it.
Having attacked the iniquities of “colour-blind policing”, Macpherson, with no sense of any embarrassment, notes with obvious approval, the summing up made by Justice Curtis (the judge at the trial of the three arrested suspects):
If you have accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior what are you going to do with this information? It appears as a great salvation plan and you are thinking it should have been preached to the unsaved. That is true and I hope one day that I will have the privilege of preaching this to the lost.
We were then treated to a long section of the dietitian holding up foods to demonstrate what a reasonable serving of carbohydrates were in different things from peas to rice to oranges. Luckily this wasn't suprising to me as I've measure my portions for years. I could tell it was new to the other moms in the class. I would guess they were going to have to change the way they ate more drastically than I was.
So Rea is now officially a zombie and stuff happens and she starts suffering from rigor mortis. The solution is obvious, because the cat does it, and that’s eating those leaves, but that’ll probably be next episode. Gratuitous fanservice and decreased animation quality aside, a pretty damn good episode.
Good morning! Hope everybody had a great weekend.
Cigarette burns, coffee stains and paint splatter array--
I saw The Avengers last night….. and I was so blown away!!! To be honest, I didn’t have high hopes for this one. I was disappointed by Iron Man 2, and aside from the Captain himself, I hated Captain America. But it blew me out of the water and I can officially say that this is my new favorite movie.
March is not over yet and has been one of our snowiest months here at times.....
07) Child In Time (Deep Purple)
Would you change anything about your birth/births?
another great manga by nishikata mai
Lynda Barry’s semi-autobiographical works are funny, poignant and incisive. Much of the work is dealing with teen angst. Her artwork seems alive and buzzing to me. I have several of her books, go to her web site and take a look at them. She is also buddies with Matt Groening, who needs no introduction, being the author of the Simpsons television cartoon. More below on Groening.
Question to those who write: What lengths do you go to... to ensure your portraying your characters the way you envision them?
Then, things got really interesting, as I approached the front pond. The pair of Canada geese that have claimed that pond as theirs were bathing and preening, not that unusual, but this time, it seemed different.
TGGITS 5'37
Zucchini Squash
I usually am in the garden twice a day - in the morning while the boys are eating breakfast. I water pots, pick, tie, check and basically wander outside. I go out again in the evening when the boys are playing in the alley with friends - to water the pots again and beds if needed, weed, check and basically wander outside. The garden is always mostly shaded at these times, and yet sun peeks in here and there. It is a great place to wander. To walk. To think. To think about not thinking. To feel the grass underfoot. When the light is just right I usually grab my camera and wander some more.
Also, I may go to a re-enactment-like thing. It’s all too official and all, but it’ll be great fun. I’ll be selling goods and be an assassin. I’m quite looking forward, to be honest, it’s been a while since I’ve done some LARP-like activity. The goods I’ll be selling are talismans and embroidered gloves. Now I can’t show you a picture of the gloves as I’m… Er… They’re top-secret so you can’t see them. Yes. Not that I haven’t finished them at all, nooo. I’m quite fond of my talismans, though. It’s my mom’s idea (Thanks!). Technically speaking, it’s a piece of clay with a character from the Dragonscript language (Some language that is used in the game Skyrim; The Elder Scrolls V) written on it. But it looks awesome! And also there’s a few Norse runes: Fehu, Anzus, Thurisaz, Hagalaz, Uruz, Raidho and Mannaz. And there’s a picture of me in my assassin costume:
MAKE YOUR PRODUCTS MORE EXCITING AND USE MY PROJECTS IN YOUR MARKETING STRATEGIES!
As her guests enjoyed the tea party in the East Room, Mrs. Obama, clad in a sleeveless shift with a sunshine yellow top and a pale gold brocade skirt, hailed the three generations for their homefront service.
Everything in Life is a Power Struggle x
(Take #2 of 2...)
this mirror was a sweet find that was also a dark wood stain. It took a couple of coats of oil-based primer to keep that stain from seeping through -- not fun for this painter :)
With this card I will play along into the following challenges:
bottom tier: vintage luggage cake with stamps of her favorite travel spots
This is the strength of Muslim women. It’s a strength deeply rooted in collectivism, based not on the power of the individual but the combined power of a group working as one. It’s a strength built on the ability to call for backup at a moment’s notice, and THAT is rooted in a female-only social environment that nurtures and strengthens intimate friendships between women. Missing that out of a novel about Muslim women is hugely dis-empowering, because it erases a major source of our power.
I know this is supposed to be "Wordless Wednesday" and I try to stick to that...but I wanted to share a little bit with you today.
I have used Big Day Tobie and coloured him in with copics. I glossed the icing with some Crystal Effects.
If you look through the record collection at my father’s house, it’s easily apparent when you’ve arrived at the milk crate that contains my mother’s old records, because it’s an obvious shift from all the rock ‘n’ roll records to R&B. In that milk crate, the record I always pull out, if only to stare at it, is a Whitney Houston album. I remember as a kid, looking at it and thinking she was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Pacific Asia Museum
5. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Working in batches, cook the gnocchetti until they float, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the gnocchetti to the skillet with the sauce. When all the gnocchetti are done, gently warm them in the sauce.
Sometimes I find myself wanting to freeze time, or capture it inside a bottle so I can remember certain moments forever. I know I'm not alone in this, but I have yet to figure out how to do it! Any help here??
I have a message for the Divergent.
Five tomahawks, wi' bluid red-rusted;
uShip decided to take it even further though, offering its customers the chance to buy carbon offsets. Dean says that since 2006, 30,000 uShip customers have bought over 1,560 tons of carbon offsets by the end of 2011. uShip also purchased carbon offsets for 100% of its internal operations, including data servers, commuting, utilities, and even business travel.
But here in Oregon I definitely did find my new home... I feel like I belong here. I love the the four seasons, my mountain that on a good day I can see in the distance. I love to have the beach nearby. I love hiking and berry picking, and weird Portland people. I love my friends and family. I have the very best friends here. I cannot possibly imagine living anywhere else. It's here that I learned what true friendship is... through highs and lows. Oregon is home. And I hope it always will be.
8. Thank you, but I won't make any attempt to dance, I have no coordination. I'd hate to look like a fool!
the water
After I got off the phone, I continued watching the tv show I was watching on my iPad, and made sure to laugh out loud really loudly every 30 seconds. Ha.
I have been having issues with blogger again!!
This may be shallow of me, but I counted each time MSN lifted his jersey. Five times. I gasped and sighed. I’m thoroughly convinced that the only reason more people – more, er, girls – showed up to watch the guys play is because of MSN’s washboard abs.
Just want you to know that we are making a difference! Our recent post “Let’s Take Her Down!” got the attention of Roll Call, which calls itself “The Newspaper of Capitol Hill since 1955.” It is sponsored by Congress.org. Here’s the article (see below).
Its seems these two great stories – the one set in Victorian England and the other in modern society – have something in common. Both seem silly and nonsensical but at the same time point to political and especially quantum realities that humanity will eventually have to come to grips with.
Tori agreed. She left the examination room to visit other patients. Tori couldn’t come to a decision. She needed help making that decision. She thought Jack would be of help. She took out her cell phone and called Jack.
Africa could solve the problem itself and this needed to be driven strongly by the South African government and the continent's bloc, with immediate action needed.
Reciprocity - The partnership policy purchased in the fargo north dakota bands and corn. Biotechnology jobs can come in many varieties. Some are more developed than others, and some still have a good payment history. Within two years after refinancing your mortgage, you can have here. If you aren't familiar with refinance loans, find out the fargo north dakota bands and cons of long terms and repayment options.
And finally we have a rookie card of the currently struggling Jose Bautista. His cards are somewhat underpriced given the past two seasons (his RC books at $1) but only time will tell if his recent success will last. Not a bad pack.
Iceland: In June 2002, hundreds of Falun Gong adherents were barred from entering Iceland to join peaceful demonstrations during a visit by Jiang Zemin. They were stranded at airports around the world after being denied boarding on flights based on a blacklist supplied by Chinese authorities, an act the Icelandic Ombudsman later ruled illegal. (http://www.faluninfo.net/displayAnArticle.asp?ID=5756)
In about two week will it be Christmas, my goodness this year has passed so quickly.
First of all, if you have to force yourself to write, you may be in the wrong business.
You: WHAT? That’s crazy! I named my PENIS Jesus! You wanna meet him?
Not only did she point out the overuse of dialogue tags, but gave me reasons why they distracted from the story and why they should be used sparingly. It's sort of like when you have a perfectly good recipe for soup or *insert food item here* and oversalt or over*insert condiment here* it. The story is the soup. The unnecessary loadage of crap is the salt. Savvy? (That just made me think of Jack Sparrow...tee hee)
Walt – Just as major cities were once built around ports, or railroads, the future world cities will be built around air travel. The ability to ship by air and to get anywhere in the world quickly will be key for the future of cities. And not all of those cities will be large cities; some smaller cities will also have success in the future air travel of the Aerotropolis.
I also like the light weight chipboard you can get at Joann's in the 3 pack. I used the white light weight chipboard for Heather's stand base to make it more solid.
- Choose an illustration style from the picture on the wall (ISEEFACE ME #1, 2 or 3)
They for me were pure entertainment, they never had to fight the fires or do the true rescues but still represent the spirit of the real firemen who put themselves in harms way.
1. You like The Mahabharata and are game for a healthy introspective debate on the epic.
7. Yes, I Just said "book" and "whore" together - it's for literary affect.
To the people who I've worked with at summer camps, or worked with me when I was a camper (LV and Amisk - you rock!!!), through youth work, and to the RP detachment at Kildonan...wouldn't be doing what I do if I hadn't learned something from you along the way.
Those three little letters conjure up such feeling, emotion, love and belonging in my heart. They speak of home, a place to be myself, a place of comfort and peace. And, yes - a place where I am loved unconditionally.
~Notice when you feel the perfectaholic urge to spend far too much time “fixing” or “noodling” on something when you really should move onto something else. Try moving on sooner than you would otherwise do, and notice how in a few short days it didn’t really matter after all.
It was a great way to get the first copies of the beautiful calendar's into peoples hands...and we got to see and hang out with so many artists and friends we hadnt seen in so long + meet new peeps too.
Brandon Holstein: Do you consider yourself to be a natural leader on the field LJ and how do you draw or bring inspiration out of your teammates on the field?
So, grumpy old Dimitri Mendeleyev was working late one night, trying to work out what the world was made of, as you do, and he fell asleep. And he dreamt the periodic table. And thereby changed history. (Obviously, someone else would have got there eventually, by the more normal route of damned hard work, but lucky old DM just dreamt it.)
We arrived at our venue exactly on time by subway. A lovely Irish pub called Dora Keogh's on Danforth Ave. in Toronto. It was tiny but the pints were excellent( and plentiful since I wasn't driving!)
All of this is to say that if I disappear now and then and don't keep to my usual three-posts-per-week schedule, I hope you'll understand. And if you know of any blind dog rescues, I'm all ears.
A jungle of gargantuan booby holders with pert chested, petite assistants
I find the sunset in your sighs
My card "recipe". . .
From local newspapers to Carnegie’s website and map, my photos have often been used to illustrate Carnegie, capturing Main Street at dusk or the Memorial Day Parade, a detail of everyday life gone unnoticed, or a hidden treasure I’ve found while exploring.
“This time of war began in Afghanistan, and this is where it will end,” he predicted.
Scott has already passed through this stage, full of unearned self-confidence and even a bit of a Casanova, why not. He’s also a complete tosser, despised by his friends and exes (everyone except his ultra-fetish fuel underage girlfriend, who is temporarily blinded by inexperience), and needs to properly grow up. The entire point of the film is that both he and his potential love are emotional idiots utterly lacking empathy. Since puberty, they’ve run through significant others like kleenex, promising relationships while actually using them as disposable props for whatever self-image suited them at the moment. Ramona’s a little ahead of the game; she’s been on the receiving end of that treatment and taken it as a mirror, making a vow to change with no clue how to go about that. Scott‘s still a dick, using the very cool Knives Chau only as proof that he’s over his last break-up and cheating on her without a thought for her existence, let along feelings.
“I” – There’s something I need to say about me; or, there’s something I need to say about what’s in my eye.
The only thing we want to bring back is the unbearable stench of the Buried and Forgotten dead!
The recipe that I used was originally for beef burgers, however my boyfriend loves pork! Now I was skeptical, I didn’t rate pork at all but I purchased pork mince anyway. And I have to say, I ate my words, they were delicious!!
Here's the tease:
Comes with:
When I took them out of the dryer, they didn't seem to be as felted as I thought they would be so I put them in again, this time on a 45min, 40 degree wash and then a 1hr dry. I didn't bother with the tights the second time around, just chucked the balls in by themselves. Oh and I should add actually, next time I'm definitely going to cut the legs off the tights first when doing the first felting because the other leg got all tangled around everything and it was a nightmare trying to get it out!
It’s usually so many motorcycles it takes almost fifteen to twenty minutes to watch them all drive by, today it only took about.. five. Stupid weather! After that, one of Erics friends came by, and the three of us went to get some swedish “fika” (coffee/tea, and pastries/cakes). Then us two siblings went back to our mom, talked for a while, then we took the car home to our father. We had a really nice Easter dinner, lots of laughs and now during the evening we watched Inception. Such a great movie, and Cillian Murphy, oh! The most gorgeous man in the universe. I’m quite pleased with the day, if you count away the fact that I fell asleep for a few hours after dinner, and my stomach has been killing me. Oh well. I’ll survive this as well.
After she got her head together, she went through her afternoon routine of ignoring the dirty dishes, counting her money from the night before and rummaging through her purse to see how many pills and bags of cocaine she had to get her by until she could get more.
Substance B-
This life brings with it the demand that my previous course of action, to turn away and escape inward, into the fantasies of these masks, is no longer a viable or even sane option. To take this options means a pain that slowly rots me from within, rather than that healthy and searing pain which compels me to push outwards, to engage, to act, to love in gesture and in words and in affection given freely.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
Without you I can’t breathe…
In my recent contest, I asked entrants to supply the link to other blogs they couldn't live without. So many fabulous blogs were mentioned, I decided to collect them here in one post for easy reference. I will make a permanent link to this post in my sidebar as well!
So if you remove temperature periods that you don't like, you get a temperature pattern that you do like. That proves nothing. For him to have shown extraneous influences on temperature, he would have to have measures of those influences themselves, not just the temperature changes that are attributed to them. To use a rough analogy, he is standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself by the handle. He needs to get out of the bucket.
The book begins with a commentary from Luther, a neighbor in the story. We find out later he is not your typical neighbor. He beats his wife because he’s a werewolf and his baser instincts get the better of him. Matt, the author, is the main character of the book. I found that very entertaining. Matt also uses his real friends as neighbors in the story. Even his acknowledgments are entertaining. However, unlike another comedic writer I have read, Matt brings in the truth of Christian life in a story about us. Yes, we are the monsters.
Government by definition is tyrannical. Many forms of government use the presence of numerous individuals, and the process of elections, to deceive the citizens into believing that the government acts on their behalf, and in a relatively fair and just manner.
It's been awhile since I have been here. I have been extremely busy with things around here, what with school and activities and work and all that. But I came across this book the other day while unpacking (yes, still unpacking) a box of books and realized that I had never posted my review of this book. It is time to remedy that!
We would like to introduce our next Belle of the Belli - Carol H - Gingerbeary 8. Carol's beautiful creation for Belli Challenge #135 - Frames won her this Guest Designing spot for the Belli Challenge. You can see her winning card HERE! Read a little more about Carol and see her pretty card she created for our current challenge!
The earth beneath her feet started to vibrate and the blackness that was covering her body fell to the ground. She realized she could move her feet but she felt no inclination to do so.
Man City – WWWLD
Ahhh. . .we'll keep looking.
I started admiring this quirky piece of technology from afar. Way out of my price range, it was difficult to justify any reason for buying it for myself. I started to wistfully talk about it with my mother the summer that I graduated as we planned our trip to Germany. Wouldn't it be awesome if I could take this handy little e-reader with us to have on the plane and in the car instead of lugging around books? In the end, I chose to abstain, and it was ok because the trip was jam packed, and I didn't do much reading anyway. The suggestion, however, was not lost on my mother, a fellow bibliophile.
One error in judgment had cost Moody her license to practice. When conventional ADHD treatments had not helped eight-year old Chad Monroe, in a moment of self-doubt and slight panic Moody had opted for a new-age radical binding technique.
...and then the tofu leaked out of the top of the tofu through a little crack. Both times. But hey, they still look like fried eggs, and there's sure to still be some filling inside the tofu. So I proceeded to fry them up.
Another negative thing was that some of the prices are up there. My shrimp and grits were $18. I don't know if they have a choice, since there were a lot of shrimp in that puppy. The good thing is that it was as rich as all get out (we literally went walking around a mountainside afterwards to work it off), and you could easily share it with someone, add a side of cornbread, and you're good. We ended up bringing almost all the gumbo home.
- 1/4 cup diced green pepper
I panicked so I decided to direct the bike towards the veranda. I thought, I’ll just crash into something. It will hurt, but it will be better than colliding with snakes. I slammed into the cement benches of the veranda. The edge of the bench hit my leg, and scraped a good deal of flesh. It hit the lower part of my leg, the front part, the part where the bone connected to my knee. I looked at the wound, and I saw that it was white. The edge took away the flesh leaving only bone.
In this photo, amongst the growing iris, is a swath of lily-of-the-valley. If you look closely at the ones in front you can see they have been neatly cropped. Chomped on by rabbits. Nature's pruning team.
Over the past three years, the Obama administration took important steps to make China a part of a new international consensus demanding accountability from Iran over its nuclear program. To accomplish this goal, the United States engaged in an …
Talking of safe (Ed: seamless as per, Lynn. Anyone would think this was planned! Well, almost :-P), what about data you need to keep locally? I mean, you may have a need to keep your browser traffic hidden; not so much secrets and lies, but if you share a computer, do you want the nippers to be logging into trans FaceBook account? :-) So there's a few things you can do....
Who whisper love filled blessings
He’ll party with her
He concluded that he belonged among the clouds no matter what anyone said when the scaffold tipped suddenly to the right.
Hoptown Brewing Company Brown Nose Brown Ale
Not being anywhere near this amazing sandwich, I decided to make a version at home. And schnikes, it was a perfect combo. My ingredients obviously aren't as fresh, so I imagine adding the likes of homemade pizza rolls or pesto would really knock it out of the park. My lazy self went with these options:
and I make them incriminate themselves,
Sounds rather odd, considering I had planned every single detail.
- I cut the bars small because they were going on a big platter of bar cookies and brownies.
You’ve put a lot of work into implementing your content management strategy and got it just the way you want it! The momentum is high and everyone is still excited about the positive results they are seeing. Better quality! Faster cycles! Lower costs!
does love pool? What about those aches and longings?
SUMMER SUNDAE festival-Leicester
Ratner has promised 600 to 1000 affordable for-sale units, on or offsite, though the plans released last week give no indication that they would be onsite. If the developer builds the maximum 1000 affordable condos offsite, that would make 41.3% of the entire project's residential units affordable. If 600 units were built, the percentage would be 38.2%. That's not 50 percent.
Happy belated New Year – can you say that? Like with Birthdays?
26) STRANGE – Johnny & the Hurricanes
Illustrator: David A Johnson
9. Reading glasses with a homing device
I need to stop getting distracted and work on getting my photography website up an growing.
The latest North Terrace-condoned grand larceny to be condoned will see a $17million building and underground carpark. on our open space with the expansion yet again of the Adelaide High School complex on West Terrace.
o Internal Talk – One good source for demonstrating the enormous consequence of our internal messaging is Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy by David Burns (1980). By giving ourselves positive and patient feedback, we can then pass that on to others. It can give us the pre-disposition to diffuse conflict instead of stir it up.
present my tithes to You as a token of my covenant relationship with You and
a sharp pain shoots through my hand
And I asked her a few questions ...
Today marks 6 months of us living in Cambodia. I can't believe I've been living away from home for 6 months. I had never been away from home for more than 2 weeks before coming here.
2 oz (50g) can of anchovies, drained
-Comment: Joshua Harris (“Dallas, “Go Towards the Light”, pictured) in ep. 5.11 “Hero Worship”, filmed 1991. He wears not real bibs, but dark green overalls-like form-fitting pants (synthetic fabric like lycra tights) with medium high bib and suspenders. Also a young boy in similar brown pants at the end.
We’re moving house this weekend ( oh the terror of the impending workroom pack up). The new place is a mess, so thankfully my family jumped in the like painting superheroes and helped make the place look liveable!
Please let the agent love me.
12. something completely different
There, I said it. That dirty photography word, HDR. “Stone him” I hear you all cry. But wait! Why not? I’ve hardly used HDR for the last 18 months but the last couple of days it’s been a useful style to adopt. HDR is really down to personal taste but if done tastefully then I can’t see any reason why not? A bad shot will still look like a pile of poo in HDR but a good shot can look particularly pleasing if done properly.
Natural stone (granite, marble and slate): Rs 14,000-42,00
There is an expression in political circles that “a week is a lifetime”. By that pundits mean things can happen quickly and change drastically. Sometimes overnight. It’s been a week since I last posted here and yes, a lot has happened.
Mrs. Obama shook hands and posed for photos with luncheon attendees for about twenty minutes before departing for her fundraiser with Buffett. He introduced the First Lady to a crowd gathered at the Hilton Omaha Hotel. Mrs. Obama ticked off her husband's achievements while in office, and urged the group to stay committed to the cause.
At the moment, it is mere discussion and brainstorming. So why the hullabaloo?
I picked a yummy one out of the refrigerated section of Costco :)
My Queen does not preen and fuss. My Queen knows the power evident in how one presents, but also the folly in foolish vanity.
*A Happy Dance is one where the dancer in question takes their pointer fingers on both their left and right hands and points them into the air. Moving their adjacent elbows around frantically. What said dancer does with their feet is up to that particular person. However, we at DeLibrarie suggest somewhat of a dancy hop from one foot to the other... sort of what you would picture a lephrachan doing. :)
But the gifts of God to man are rough gifts. They are looked upon with envy and allow humans a power that they can’t control. They open the repressed creativity and gifts of people that have repressed them. For this reason, when looking to Edward Scissorhands, we also think of Freud’s Civilization and its Discontents, civilization paying the price for its own power. At the moment that the community is at its flourishing, its hedges spectacular and its hairstyles on the cutting edge, that it becomes capable of its most horrible acts. It represses and kills again that which it revived in itself. Remember, modernism was at its ultimate power and optimism for the future when it created two world wars and the holocaust.
Oh, I could go on and on with how we also get a great street-level villain in the gun-toting murderer Boddicker as essayed by Kurtwood Smith. He makes it look easy, as a man who finds himself in his element blasting holes in cops and overseeing huge explosions, not to mention flinging useless cohorts out of moving vehicles. Paul McCrane is also very good as Emil, a twisted little piece of work who more than meets his match and, just like Ferrer, leaves the film in grand fashion.
GM: We should have proper segregated cycleways. Not cheap, but neither were the trams. You can’t just paint in a little white line and call it a cycleway. You see a cycleway running along the side of the road and then you see a parked car.
I awoke this morning at 3:17 a. m. The sky was dark. The clouds covered the stars. My tired eyes don’t want to be awake, but my mind is busy. My body is stiff from yesterday’s preparations for our visitors.
Yet another younger man-obsessed with Ottoline?
Because of this fact, I knew the chances of it being manifestly awful were pretty slim, to say the least. But what were the chances of it being manifestly fabulous?
I'm trying really hard to distract myself from thinking about the class. I have a baby shower to go to this weekend and the weekend after the dreaded class we're going to a family BBQ. This weekend is Mothers Day and I need to figure out what to get my Mom and Mother-in-law. Shopping trip! So I'm trying to focus on those fun things instead of the class. It's not really working but I'm pretending it does.
Aside from couch surfing, two of my favorite things about Vienna were the Easter Market (Ostermarkt) and the Easter Vigil Mass that we attended at St. Stephan’s Cathedral. The easter market was SO overwhelmingly cool – there was so much to see and hear and eat; it was absolutely wonderful. Probably the most interesting part was that there were thousands upon thousands of intricately painted easter eggs for sale in the middle of the market. I took tons of pictures, but here’s one I particularly enjoyed:
So throughout our supper, between my goat cheese and honey rocket salad and peppery yet creamy Portuguese chicken livers, I pondered the three Chinese guys standing outside, through the window in the front garden.
years at the cost of N1
I don’t care for birthdays, never have. There are a lot of reasons. I suppose some self-analysis is in order or possibly it’s an avenue to pursue in therapy. There have been times over the last week that I just wished I could have avoided the day and come out all fresh the following morning. But the day is here and that is not happening. I am stuck being another year older. I didn’t even get to celebrate the final moments of the previous year. Rather than revel in the last bit of youth, I was fast asleep way too early because I am seriously old.
We have been fooled and brainwashed,
Kentucky woman (Neil Diamond)
The Bell Jar by Syliva Plath tells the story of Esther as she descends into the depths of mental illness. Esther starts her story during a stint as an intern at a popular woman’s magazine. She is a young and intelligent, but also a little lost. She doesn’t click with any of the women who are part of the intern group, nor does she seem to fit into the accepted boundaries of society in the 1960s. Esther doesn’t buy into the idea of marriage or the so-called “duties” that were expected of women at the time. The idea of being submissive clashes with her headstrong ideals and she refuses to play the game of accepted male/female roles. Most of her qualms concerning men and relationships has to do with the double standard that exists in terms of purity. The hypocrisy of the fact that men can go out and sleep with whoever with little consequence, while woman are expected to stay “clean” aggravates her.
For my bad action shot of the day, I could use one of many of the mallards chasing each other around the pond, either in the water or while flying, but I have posted enough of those, so here’s a couple of robins going at it.
If we go with the latter suggestion of a midnight to midnight reckoning of a day as suggested by Robert F, then salvation is possible right up until the last minute of May 21st Jerusalem time.
Cinder by Marissa Meyer
people they knew in the company. Eric met with each of them, and asked them in turn to identify the 10 smartest people they knew. In a few weeks, Eric had a list of 100 engineers he considered critical to Novell’s future. He met with each of them personally, encouraging them to take chances and follow their instincts. He removed the possibility of reprisals by their managers for voicing their opinions. This inspired the engineers and focused their efforts, resulting in innovative and improved products. These changes helped Novell transform itself from a loss of $78
this is such a fun way to add a little bit of fun to your makeup, i love the orange trend this season and I'm yet to purchase my statement purple lipstick. i recommend that you all purchase a bold lip colour (not red) in a shade that suits your skin tone and work it during the day! and for those who are at a schools that wont allow bold lipsticks, try it in lipgloss form or after school.
Focus on action. Years ago I got a rejection that said, “Your characters are terrific and I love the setting, but not enough happens.” A simple and useful critique! Bring action forward in your story; get it going quick. This is why agents and editors tell you to start your story in the middle: They’ve seen too many Chapter Ones bogged down by backstory. Put your backstory in the back, not the front. Readers will stick with you if you give them something juicy right away. I make a point of opening each of my Rita Farmer novels with a violent scene, which is then revealed to be an audition, or a film shoot or a rehearsal. Right away, the reader gets complexity, layers and a surprise shift of frame of reference.
I made two friends that I know will be friends for life: Angelica and Stebbs. Here we are at the Air Force Gala during our first months on Base.
Seasonal Caprice
So we're officially looking for a new house now. I'm nervous and excited - nervous about the house that I currently own and am upside down in, but excited to finally be out of our tiny house. It's going to be a very busy summer, but I'm so thankful that we're able to do the things we want to do.
Our grave-rest is very far to seek.
John always came after Tom because he cared. He would understand. He cared about Tom, so he would understand if he were to call him. Tom thumped his fingers along the edge of desk. What would he say? It was never this hard to call John. John was always upfront about his emotions. Tom could read him better than any book. A lab report wouldn’t come between them, would it? Tom glared at the aforementioned document. If he just told him… he was sure John would understand. John always understood him.
In the absence of Mad Men, I enjoyed Hugo Blick's bleak The Shadow Line, with its who's who of British acting talent, and of course The Apprentice and Strictly continued to provide vicarious thrills (and just how big was Mohammed's "David Byrne" suit in Junior Apprentice? Are we sure he was 16? Did anyone check his birth certificate? He looked and acted about 12). The Killing was alright, but I'm not sure it justified the 20 hours of my life it took to get to its conclusion. And am I the only person who thinks the Danish police methods (albeit fictional) leave a lot to be desired? I got the feeling that once Lund had placed everyone in Copenhagen under arrest (and she'd certainly arrested a fair few suspects before releasing them uncharged in the first 18 weeks of the show), she'd get the right one eventually. If British police arrested and released a dozen suspects for a crime before eventually, by a process of elimination, settling on the right one, I rather thank they'd be facing a public enquiry rather than awards and acclaim in the broadsheets' arts pages.
Matteo "The Very Hungry" Yazge
I vividly remember the first time I really, truly understood that my choices and actions had consequences. I had gotten a (very) small part in a (very) small play in high school. Rehearsal was after school and I left campus to go get an after school snack or smoke a cigarette or do whatever else I was inclined to do in those days. I went back to school for rehearsal and moseyed in about 5 minutes late. The director promptly fired me and gave my part to someone else. I remember thinking that it seemed so unfair. I wasn't very late - certainly not any later than I often showed up to his class. I really wanted the part. I would never be late to a rehearsal again. I would never be late anywhere again. I couldn't lose the part because I was 5 minutes late! At that very moment, I knew that none of those arguments and no amount of pleading could change one simple fact - I knew the rules and I chose not to follow them. So I kept my mouth shut, walked out and learned a very valuable lesson.
Our memories, now lost in our poetry
So the title SusyHomeMaker might imply that I am, in fact, a homemaker, which I am not, or that I’m crafty, which I am not, or that I whip up delicious family meals easily and graciously. I do not.
Sunflower seeds are a fantastic boredom food. Besides the fact they're loaded with Vitamin E (which in short means they protect against free radicals, among other things), they are rich with specific anti-oxidants in charge of lowering blood sugar levels, as well as protein to satisfy that little bit of hunger you may or may not be experiencing.
4. He was taken off most his medications, including morphine. From now on, this tough little guy takes only Tylenol. I'm told that now the chest tubes are out, he's not in much pain.
There is no need to explain what this does! Obviously, if the power goes out you won’t be able to use your electric can opener and would need a manual. Also if you can’t afford a high electric bill and need to cut down on use all together here is just one small way you can save some. I would actually keep a couple on hand because I know mine gets dual after about a year, and I have to replace it. I like the cheaper ones better than the expensive ones. Sure they rust, and but they always seem to out last the nice fancy ones. I have no clue why!!
Seeing how the Babylonian account have so much extra material interwoven, I would imagine that this account is a later than the Palestinian, wanting to tell what the Palestinian account is leaving out and explain what was going on. The parable about the “ones below” and the “ones above” becomes much more concrete in the Babylonian account, while the question on why God would let him die, when righteous men are praying for him also is being answered. R. Yehudah HaNasi is also elevated to a higher status in the Babylonian account that in the Palestinian one, concluded on the context of the narratives, though the Palestinian account in no way gives the impression that it was “just a rabbi” who died here, highlighted by the response to the news of his death.
We got to Eagle Rock and threw down to cowboy camp there. Eagle rock is one of those landmarks that actually lives up to its name. Not one of those areas that claims to look like something but it really doesn’t or only looks like it if you cross your eyes and stand on your head ones.
Meanwhile, in the Doctor Who boardroom, there’s a new meeting occuring in which the next season of Doctor Who is being discussed. Having failed to notice the uninvited Fourth Doctor now hanging around outside, the production team continue…
Spring onions, 2 stalks, cut into 1” length
In a way: yay! In another way: yuck. Do I want to read the bio of something I'm going to eat?
"No." (Giggles more.)
I too,am Australian....!
Now I was monitoring the blog in anticipation of a reply, and just fifteen minutes prior to seeing the above message, ten comments were visible. None of them were threatening, none of them contained profanity, but all of them disappeared.
Well, kind of.
Once she’s done seeing her, he asks if he could see her in the hotel’s lounge. She excitedly asks if he’s going to propose to her but it’s more for Mi Roo to hear. Unable to stand to hear Hae Ra gushing, she removes herself from the office.
I have completed a portion of my studio projects, packaged and shipped them off to buyers and the gallery...feels good. For those of you who don't FB, here is a sample of the rest of the Easter Skellie Bunnies I have sent off to Xico, Inc. Also, I received this wonderful print and post cards from one of my FB buds, Sandy Garcia, from CA. She was born here in El Paso, but like all good Mexicans from here, the fam moved to LA!! I lost many pals to Cali!! I hope to meet her someday since most of her family still lives here and some in Austin...hmmm, she and I have that in common too!!
See a text list of the files and folders.
Little News Comes .
the observant, uninnocent one, who knows
We stopped at Sanibel Cafe for brunch - shrimp quiche for me and French Toast for Al. Great as always even with a 20 minute wait for a table. The rest of our day was spent inside because the wind has reached about 30 mph....I checked out on the beach and the waves were even too strong for the surfers but one guy was doing sail surfing. The beach was empty.
Intelligences: The state of spirits before their spirit birth. Although no church leader knows what intelligences are, they have existed forever and are coeternal with God.
The following paragraph was sourced from farmitracker, who were one of the first online media sites to report the incident after receiving verification from a SA Police spokesman at Griekwastad:
“So how do we spot the future—and how might you? The seven rules that follow are not a bad place to start. They are the principles that underlie many of our contemporary innovations. Odds are that any story in our pages, any idea we deem potentially transformative, any trend we think has legs, draws on one or more of these core principles. They have played a major part in creating the world we see today. And they’ll be the forces behind the world we’ll be living in tomorrow.”
After my mothers second divorce, I was left wondering what a marriage was supposed to be? What was a real father? Would I have one? Would I ever know what to expect? I have never, and will never blame my mother for the choices that she made, the men she married, or the bullshit she delt with. I know that love is a powerful thing, and sometimes people turn into someone you never expected they could be. Instead I admire my mom. She always had the strength to see a way out, and to continue pushing on for us kids.
After this my team got our packet and 3 horses were listed on it. I was given the most advanced of the three which was perfectly fine with me. As a bonus that horse was a big Irish Draught (YES! I scored a big horse!) AND a mare! Double bonus! I went to the barn she was in to find her. She was drop dead gorgeous. Her name is Highfield, she is a 14 year old Irish Draught mare that has also been steeple chased.
1. Good Design is Innovative
“It was privately commissioned, not published”. Eric says. “It was commissioned by ABC. It was an interesting time, because nobody else has two anchors on one desk.” It is an interesting package, when opened contains a collection of short essays “Sharing the News – Friendly Teamness: Teeming Friendliness”; “The TV public is actor”; “TV is the matrix of ecology”; “Fact and fiction in news reporting”; “What is the meaning of this”; “What has happened”; “I as the witness”; “In TV news everything is background in depth: In the press the story is up front while the girl behind the guy behind the gun is real dirt – i.e. muck-raking”; You cannot commit TV alone – yeah team!”; Friendly teamness suggests audience as part of the game”; “Are sports good news? Is advertising good news?”; “The character of the unforgettable event: The double plot”; “Objectivity in the news … The horse drawn by a blind man would be a blotty gestalt”; and so on….
Merry Part!
The train ride itself was a lot of fun for me. It is about a four hour ride from start to finish. We were on the Vistadome, which is the midrange train, for the ride there. (We'll be taking the Expedition, the cheaper train, on the way back.) It was a nice, clean train... I daresay much nicer than the inside of an airplane. The seats were plush and there were windows on the sides of the roof of the Vistadome (hence the name) so you can see the tops of the mountains on the ride. They announced points of interest and sites in both Spanish and English as we went along and played soft, pleasant Peruvian flute music for the duration of the trip. They even served a snack midway through the trip... quinoa (local to Peru) with diced carrots and zuchinni, small Peruvian potatoes in the yummy green sauce I have yet to learn the name of with Andean cheese, and small sweet unidentified little shortbread-esque cookies. It was served in the most adorable little blue and yellow basket to top it off.
On the other hand, an app adds extra bells and whistles. The book-words are still there, but there are also moving pictures, sound, interactivity. Those are still all stored digitally, though the creation and storage are more complex.
Chocolate Cake
A little something I wrote a while back for ABA’s Buddy Book. We were asked to write about our favorite thing, and I chose Calvin and Hobbes.
After speaking with the staff at the local elementary school, we were asked to help them put together an earthquake preparedness plan, as well as give a talk on recycling and a first aid workshop. After working with the staff on day 1, we put our plan to the test first thing the next morning doing a full earthquake drill with the entire school. We couldn`t be happier with how smoothly it all went and the great reception we got from everyone.
"Your must learn to stand up for yourself
instead of doing the traditional coin toss into the fountain, we did the non-traditional soaking of swollen feet in the trevi fountain.
20 Gorilla Meat Cup
Hampe said he was then struck by the club and saw Hines grab for another.
DY:
This will be an entirely new genre for me, but I'm looking forward to hitting the library to see what all the fuss is about! First on my 'to check out' list will be Neil Gaiman's Sandman: Preludes and Nocturnes and Alan Moore's V for Vendetta.
Longo, Angelo and Barry, Catharine. Illustrated by Longo, Angelo. The Space Book. New York: Paxton-Slade Publishing Co. (44 p.) 29 cm. (1962)
As you breathe-in draw peace into yourself
He claimed not to have seen two black people in the restaurant at 4pm on the day.
Into his mind the turbid ebb and flow
We also need to ask whether it is really necessary for Northern Ireland to have 19 Spads when Scotland, a country with a population three times as large, can make do with 11.
You see where I'm going? Oh yes, I'm commandeering the island. Pretty soon my arm is flush with 32A's. If I had a flag, I'd knock him off and jam it into the armrest. This land is mine! But he's not giving ground either, so we total strangers share the armrest. Let me repeat: we are sharing. The guy's not even worried about cooties, and I'm like, Cooties be damned!
He just liked her as a friend though. Right?
I had to have misunderstood.
A League of Their Own
The theme chosen for the next Joint Conference in Pietermaritzburg could be seen as a follow up to all of these issues. It is quite amazing that migration has not really been identified yet as a major challenge to Christian mission and theological education in Africa. In a real sense therefore, the ETE-SAMS Conference in the Joint Conference focuses on a neglected and grossly under researched area.
it's hard to explain "the why" when she asks.
Yulis
Can I be all embracing knowing the impurities that the light is showing in me and in others when held up?
I must admit, my thinking has been influenced a bit by Ivan Illich's Deschooling Society. In the very first part of that book, he writes, "Rich and poor alike depend on schools and hospitals which guide their lives, form their world view, and define for them what is legitimate and what is not. Both view doctoring oneself as irresponsible, learning on one's own as unreliable, and community organization, when not paid for by those in authority, as a form of aggression or subversion. For both groups the reliance on institutional treatment renders independent accomplishment suspect."
Firstly, apologies for the infrequent nature of these postings. I am working feverishly to complete the manuscript of book two, am working to meet a fast-approaching deadline, and hence haven't had time to blog. My humblest apologies.
Incredibly, very few people saw that Bernanke’s machinations were nothing more than a bailout of the banks at the taxpayer’s expense. Americans weren’t paying attention to details; they saw only the mendacious big picture painted by the mainstream media. A small minority opposed Bernanke’s reappointment, but they were a tiny voice in the din.
Keep in mind that does not have to check for all a Sony digital camera. Sony cameras, which I think is the best available, intends to review.
But then, the other day, she looked at my belly and noticing that my belly button has popped out, she asked, "Mommy, your baby did that to you?"
It feels so good to be in control of yourself!
As McElwee visits a Confederate gravesite, his thoughts turn very inward. "It seems like I'm filming my life to have a life to film, like some sort of primitive organism that nourishes itself by somehow devouring itself, growing as it diminishes," his narration says as he looks at the markers. "I ponder the possibility that Charleen is right that filming has become the only way I can relate to women," McElwee continues. "I'm beginning to lose touch with where I really am in all of this. It's a little like looking into a mirror to see what you look like when you're not really looking at your own reflection." In a way, by accident, when Ross McElwee's girlfriend dumped him, changing the direction of both Sherman's March and McElwee's filmmaking career, McElwee evolved into the real David Holzman, the made-up filmmaker in Jim McBride's landmark 1967 mockumentary David Holzman's Diary except that McElwee isn't a parody and his sincerity ultimately powers the film's humor and success. If you like documentaries or, more importantly, unique, one-of-a-kind films, see Sherman's March which, after 25 years and multiple viewings, continues to fill me with awe, amusement and wonder every time I see it. Each time I ask myself, "How can this film possibly captivate me for 2½ hours?" I'm never certain I've settled on the correct answer to that question. I just know that Sherman's March does.
It's being positive for others, because they want you to be happy, but you really just want to say,"I'm devastated. I'm heartbroken."
I sat at the computer for another four hours trying to get it to work...
Anastasia Steele is an innocent girl who enters into BDSM relationships with Grey who consents to being stalked, slapped and whipped. Steele also says things like “My inner goddess is doing the dance of seven veils.”
She has the skills that I only dream of having, like sewing. She taught Jr. High Home Ec., that means she taught squirrely air headed teens how make things, great things!
Itinerary#11.
Not for nothing did the mayor have both Wood and Cock in his name. He should have included Plonker, too. His erection almost brought down the beautiful mediæval gable.
I pick out all the edge pieces, like this:
Why does God use what he has? That is what He has to work with…no perfect people to use, he uses everyday failing humans to bring about his own purposes and he willingly and lovingly and patiently uses it all for his own glory.
If Disney is the most accommodating for persons with disabilities, the old buildings in DC are the other end of the spectrum. Now, that doesn’t mean they aren’t accessible…they are. Or that the people who work in them aren’t helpful and friendly…they are. It’s just, there is rarely a ramp or elevator close to the main entrance. Not a big deal when the weather is good, but if the weather is bad, or you have a kids who struggles with the cold…it is not a recipe for a fantastic experience. We bailed and are spending the day close to the hotel.
Next the tour took us up into Phoenix Park past the Irish President’s residence and by the Dublin Zoo. We circled back through the park and the bus took us back out of the park past Ryan’s Victorian Bar and past the National Museum which is in the Collins Barracks. The Collins Barracks are named after Michael Collins.
Bake at 350F for 30-45 minutes on large baking sheets until golden brown. Stir occasionally.
I promised Nicole I would write this post after we came home, so she can show it to Faith in the morning before she goes back to her Dad's. I'm mad at Wal-mart's shipping service. They sent out the camera last Saturday from New Jersey. It's sitting in Pennsylvania. Damn, I probably could have walked it up to New York by now.
Patrick Bellon, head of Veterans for Common Sense, which filed the suit in that case, says the V.A. has genuinely improved but is still struggling. “There are going to be one million new veterans in the next five years,” he said. “They’re already having trouble coping with the population they have now, so I don’t know what they’re going to do.”
Stamps: Scattered Showers
- GET BACK TO THE GYM!!! (At LEAST 2 times a week)
After salty eating we were craving for something sweet. We really wanted to go to Arnold's for some doughnuts but both cafés at Kamppi and Forum were closed. We were ready to die in despair, because all the places were closed but luckily the Fazer Café at Forum was open.
"It's a "crystal" I explained, to divert the energies. It will help the fact that at the moment they are all going from front to back, up the stairs and in my lady's chamber and stuff."
While he was distracted, Christopher jumped up and ran up to the door. There was a heavy lock on it.
And that’s it. You’re Polyvoring!
Finding that as a thirty-year-old with much experience of romantic and sexual matters he could no longer fully identify with the attractive but naive Romeo, he amplified the role of Mercutio, giving him his own whimsical speech and attitudes, putting into his mouth as he fell from Tybalt's sword, his own thoughts as he had fallen himself in the street brawl with Knyvett's men. He also trimmed down the month of wedded bliss that he had allotted the lovers in his teens to a single night, perhaps a reflection of the all-too-brief delights of his present romance. With Mercutio suborned to reflect himself, he added Benvolio as the friend that Rutland had been to him then, and perhaps was still.
I’m not worried about getting money back from the yokels up north – it’s never going to happen. But if Greenwich and Stamford together are paying 20% of the income tax burden, it’s a fair bet that Fairfield County, with Westport, Darien and New Canaan being sucked dry too, is probably paying almost the full 100%. This is a pretty perilous way to run a state budget, I think. We don’t have to stick around to be bled, after all.
Here's the final card! I hope to see you over at the challenge this week! Can't wait to see what you make! & Thank you to all that take the time to enter every week!! we love seeing your creations!!
As a result, you have to struggle with and manage stress constantly. This stress is contributed by various means, be it trying to keep up with the pace of the day to maintaining and balancing work and personal relationships. And it’s more now days than decades ago when physical labor and simple living were prevalent. Those who have seen both times I speak of might agree with me. Today’s generation only knows what they see and experience and hence, for them stress is a part of life.
It's been months since I've written any kind of anything on here. I've thought about writing but then the thought of trying to come up with something clever to say makes my head hurt so I just put it off saying I'll do it tomorrow. So.....today is tomorrow!
More like a black.
Up Gregory-Ranger, down ASG with Scott. Ugh. Really easy ascent with lots of hiking and then actually a lot of hiking on the descent, too, but that was more because my shin was sore. Crazy icy conditions out there this morning. Leg felt a lot better jogging on the streets, but generally a shitty day where I was reprimanded for increasing my longest run by almost 25min yesterday. Stupid me, I can never get a break.
Americans have short memories, particularly in election years, and most seem to have forgotten that it is barely two months since President Obama stepped in to restrict the sale of the morning-after-pill -- to girls under 17 -- a move seemingly designed to reassure the increasingly suspicious, sexist American centre-right that he hates sexual freedom a
Average driving time to river: 90 minutes each way
Our faith is more than a religion, a culture, a label - it is the joy of living the Gospel of Jesus Christ. It means that we may make mistakes, mess up, sin and fall but we can turn back to Him and accept the grace offered us through His death and resurrection. GK Chesterton's wonderful imagery comes to mind: "Catholic doctrine and discipline may be walls; but they are the walls of a playground." In a playground, people will have freedom - they will sometimes fall over, but their friends will help pick them up again.
Socialist presidential candidate Francois Hollande — if he wins the French runoff election — poses yet another threat, unless he could forget his campaign promises to blow his nation’s budget with new entitlements. A France headed back into higher subsidies, more protectionism and more voter-purchasing welfare would be a crushing blow for the European unification that Paris had done so much to sponsor since World War II.
204Renounce my love, my life, myself--and you.
I didn't count on becoming a homeschool parent. Homeschooling has been wonderful and I wouldn't change it. I don't have plans to stop homeschooling, though you never know what is around the corner. But certainly homeschooling for me meant that my idea of going back to school went on the back burner. Especially since my girls are very close in age - having very young children all together means lots of parent time. Over the years I've toyed with various schemes and plans for going back to school, but for one reason or another (all valid reasons I think) I didn't follow through.
From Silver Lake, 24" x 36", oil on linen
A woman came out of a dark room. It was Ms. Valentini, the incredibly nice, fragile, brunet secretary at school. She wore a tight green dress that complemented her body in every demeaning way. This would explain the black eye she had at the fundraiser, and the busted lip at the annual banquet. Principal Sal was known for his temper.
The Winning entry will receive Rs. 10,000/- and will be eligible for publication at the NUJS Law Review. The runner up will receive Rs. 6000/-, and the third best entry will receive Rs. 3000/-.
And this is where we are. Hopefully when voters fully appreciate how they have been shafted they will rebel against all this.
It certainly would be the case that if Palestine did become an independent state with agreed borders on the 1967 Green Line, many Palestinians would still be classed as refugees, and a lot of land that was illegally taken before 1967 will remain in Israeli hands. Diana Alzeer, a young Palestinian activist from Ramallah also agrees; “I do not feel like celebrating the quest for a state on the 1967 borders. Those borders mean the loss of 70% of the land that we Palestinians call “Palestine” – the area where Palestinians lived before 1948.”
And it gets devoured.
press are getting very interested in why a not-for-profit organisation is shutting a gym which was founded via initiatives from the NHS and local government. So another photographer pitched up and yup, sure enough, there I am, all gleaming white legs and mad woman eyes, charging across the Dulverton bridge.
“Let’s just do it. My roommate has condoms.” I said as I edged myself off of the bed, went into Meredith’s room and opened her stash of condoms. I took out about two and snuck back into my room.
Previous12
According to Libération, Hjaltalín’s style could be described as ‘chamber pop’ – using classical instruments and more contemporary, grungy vocals.
She continued: “I am not bipolar, but I go from, ‘Oh, my God, I love you’ to, ‘Get the f**k out of my house!’ really quickly. And I never sit there and talk about it. I give them the silent treatment.
She has a "Chest of Fairytales" etsy shop here and flickr page here where you can see her enchanting works. For me they have a playful sunniness and very distinct Russian flavour which is delightful. This Foxy Fox will be framed and enjoyed on the wall of our truck.
5. What’s your favorite relationship in 3?
I was reminded.
Amazon Kindle DX Review – Is it Worth the 9 Price Tag?
To put yesterday’s events into perspective, let us look at some unarguable facts. SIOE and Vlaams Belang are legally established movements operating within a democracy. The reason for their demonstration may not have been to the taste of our European elites, but the gradual erosion of Europe’s culture and heritage in the face of Islamic expansion is a reality nonetheless. In a democracy, a legitimate movement with legitimate concerns should be allowed to make those grievances known in a public manner.
Banana Man: Yeah, my main squeeze is Betty Pulp.
BBC lobbying to weaken Welsh smokefree regulations: Yes, this is real.
was denied to them by their British overlords, who had given the native tribes (many of whom had allied themselves with the French in the war) assurances that there would be no white settlement in Trans-Appalachia. The seeds of the American Revolution were sown, seeds which would be watered by the ideas of the Enlightenment. And practical experience in the French and Indian War (as the
Diane Keaton
There are a slew of things that need to be clarified about colon cleansers before you can make an informed decision. Colon cleanse is the natural process of the colon in getting rid of pathogenic elements, toxins and waste materials. It is also directly responsible for our body’s capacity in absorbing and retaining mineral salts and water while ensuring the healthy balance of electrolytes and body fluids. An impaired colon will not be able to perform this critical function in conditions where a higher level of toxins and waste materials proliferate in the body system as a result of impacted fecal matter.
I've talked about this group before. It is a great group; it provides support, a professional therapeutic relationship, education as well as social interaction with other parents.
FACT: The actor who plays C-3PO, Anthony Daniels, makes a gold suit-less cameo in Episode 2. Anthony is also the only actor to be present in all six of the films.
We ended the afternoon watching loons, red-breasted merganser, and a variety of grebes in the Winchester Bay boat basin. Finally it was time to ‘eat dinner out.’ For us that meant picking up take-out fish and chips at our favorite little restaurant and taking our dinner up to the lighthouse.
nn
If you've been reading my blog for awhile you may already be familiar with Eco-Emi. I used to write up a blog post every month for the lastest Eco-Emi Box. I loved my boxes. Unfortunately, I had to cancel my subscription do to money issues. Then a whole new group of monthly subscription services came out and I tried those. I found myself wishing that I had just stuck to Eco-Emi. With Eco-Emi you are getting what you pay for and more. As well as really great customer service. I REALLY, REALLY MISSED IT! I tried to re-subscribe only to find that there is a waiting list. :( It's ok though because I was approved for a review. Which means I can get my fix and be able to hold off a little longer. LOL.
Days 2 & 3: Stir Herman 2-3 times a day with a wooden spoon (do not use metal, and which you can leave in the bowl)
So that's it for today. I will have another post on Monday for the Hippity Hop. See you then!
Today’s Zaman reports that the Bible is under high security and that a Turkish daily newspaper, the Star, claims the book could be a copy of the Gospel of Barnabas — a controversial text which Muslims claim is an addition to the original gospels — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John — that was suppressed.
Hardware Real metal knives and forks from Checkers
The family moved to the United States, where Netanyahu continued to pursue his academic work to become a historian of great renown, specializing in research of Medieval Spanish Jewry and the roots of the Spanish Inquisition.
the Tiger and the star.
This is one of those dangerous territories that many of us hold dear to our hearts (of course—it involves our children), and it’s so easy to feel judged for your parenting choices. But I have no judgments about how any other families handle their children’s education. I simply have ideas about what is best for me and my family. And please don’t take this as a judgment of teachers. I know I count quite a few among my readers, and I believe they perform an honorable, challenging, and severely under compensated job.
Favorite dinner: Chicken nuggets.
If you have any questions please contact us, or email us at 2012235@ldschurch.org. Thank you again for sending us your precious missionary.
This entire process took a few days, and I just finished them up today.
I never knew I had the power to get “HIS” e-mail looked through and sorted.
It's owned by and co-branded Katsu-ya, and the staff even wear hats etc. emblazoned with the Katsuya logo - but for some reason they don't accept the SBE loyalty card. In any case, a chic, modern, clean space that still feels intimate, not pretentious, and one that fits in the Ventura Blvd neighborhood.
STARRING: Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Samuel L. Jackson, Chris Hemsworth, Jeremy Renner, Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Tom Hiddleston, Stellan Skarsgard
“You are not nearly as flamboyant” he said, and wondered if I was tired of dancing or depressed or something.
10:00AM - Both the refrigerator repairman and insulation contractor show up at the same time (what are the odds). So I talk to the refrigerator guy first and get him started on his troubleshooting. Then I talk and walk through the project with the insulation guys (2 guys). They say they're going to be done by 2:00PM because the foreman needs to pick up his kid from school - perfect, I may be able to make meeting with The Pudge's principal.
20 dodgy magistrates sacked in SA
* Learn something new today ~ build synapses
I didn't get to try all the beers I had hoped to at yesterday's UNICO Microbrew Festival. I missed out on the Boulevard Dubbel Nommo, the New Belgium Super Cru and the Green Flash Summer Saison. But I also didn't walk away with double vision and a splitting headache the next day, so there's that.
Little knighttcat did a blog post on us! What a darling!
Eyes of the tourist house, red-and-white filing station,
Chairman's Reserve Rums are among some of the finest anywhere and always a pleasure to sip and enjoy when at home on the boat. The enjoyment not only comes from the fine rum, but it comes from the feelings of the dedicated people we met there at the distillery. Their top line rums like "Admiral Rodney" and "1931" will stand along side some the best in the world and quite often do in the festivals throughout the world.
I also kind of missed working out with my husband.
”I am the true vine, and my Father is the vinegrower. He removes every branch in me that bears no fruit. Every branch that bears fruit he prunes to make it bear more fruit. You have already been cleansed by the word that I have spoken to you. Abide in me as I abide in you. Just as the branch cannot bear fruit by itself unless it abides in the vine, neither can you unless you abide in me. I am the vine, you are the branches. Those who abide in me and I in them bear much fruit, because apart from me you can do nothing. Whoever does not abide in me is thrown away like a branch and withers; such branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned. If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, ask for whatever you wish, and it will be done for you. My Father is glorified by this, that you bear much fruit and become my disciples.
ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
Total Referrals: 390
Liesl nodded absently, but all was not right. From a time and place long buried, an alarm had just sounded, causing her gifted hands to tense and her mind to flash the unbidden image of a dark alley in Moscow.
Herold chose to head to the East and had himself quiet the morning, first finding a large breeding herd of Elephant, followed by a herd of Buffalo. Being in the same area as the Sohobele Lions were heading in during the night Herold figured they would not be far away and sure enough it was not long before he found them. Unfortunately they crossed into Kruger trying to position themselves to the East of the Buffalo and set up an ambush. Lets hope they get around in time and chase them back our way as it would be nice to have them around a few more days. I'm sure the guys will follow up this afternoon. It is interesting to note that between all the guys out this morning we
Jolie Huntington is exhibiting true love. Love that is greater than any sin committed against it. Through both her words and her actions, the Huntington marriage is presenting a perfect picture of the Gospel. They’re a living, breathing representation of the relationship between Christ and the Church.
“So then we just sit here,” Blaine interrupted putting the game on pause.
- In Denmark it is not illegal for a convicted prisoner to escape from prison. If the escapee is caught he only serves the rest of his sentence.
Weight didn't become a problem for me until I got married. I'm not blaming marriage or my husband. I'm blaming myself for changing my eating habits to fit another person's dietary needs instead of listening to my body and what it was telling me. Blood tests helped us learn that our bodies metabolize sugar and fat in completely opposite ways. His risks are with sugars and mine are with cholesterol. We didn't find this out until about four years into our marriage. We didn't actually start doing anything about it until eight years into our marriage. Our unhealthy habits were beginning to affect our mood toward each other and our energy levels to do the things we love. I wish we hadn't let it get that bad before deciding we needed change, but sometimes you have to let everything go to shit so you can experience how awful it really is, before you'll get fed up and decide you need to take control and make some tough changes.
This just showed up in our in box:
office furniture and school supplies.
“Can you please elaborate on why you find psychics are over rated?” he said sounding bored. I looked at him for a moment. I was pretty sure this was one of those stories I was not suppose to tell. Like when I was ten I burned our cat and my mom said it was something we didn’t tell anyone about but we also never do again. Not that I could, the cat was dead.
Very good. Therefore whether it be the PoR of BYuT that are annoying the EU when in power, and they both have and do, the Visa-free issue should progress regardless theoretically. Which ever government is sitting in Ukraine when this eventually comes to pass, may get some begrudging recognition by society for actually doing something in their interest.
Look around.
- I love how she cranes her neck to look for people or things ... like when she's sitting on the bed and daddy crawls around on the floor to pop up and say "peek-a-boo".
This year I am especially grateful for the opportunity… With all that is going on with my parents and their health, I was going to cancel the trip…. And we paid for it last year, so that would’ve meant no refund! ….
The way to find cheap bridesmaid dresses is to shop around. There are many different wedding related websites and resources online that help brides and their maids find the perfect dress for the occasion. In fact, many of these resources offer discount codes, special offers, and tips on finding affordable bridal fashions. Also, many bridal salons will offer a discount when buying several dresses at a time, perfect for cheaper bridesmaid dresses.
Gary Gilmore’s Eyes – The Adverts
No counter-evidence
Use the ABCDEs of Skin Cancer as a guide in initially evaluating moles and skin spots on your body. But if you have any doubts, GO TO THE DOCTOR! Moles may never change, they make take a long time to change, or they can change fairly quickly. My mole began to change rather quickly. Problem was I couldn't see it. It was in the center of my back. Luckily my wife noticed the sudden change.
To show remorse, William decides to go against the advice of his lawyer and pay a visit to the Conroys. Jane says she'll come with him and wait outside, but won't go into the house - which is a wooden bungalow with plastic-stone facing.
I guess its the charming animation and expertise of paperwork....
THIS is where YOU, the Sales Professional, can make a difference!
I don't know what to say... What is Russell doing calling the playing-Indian family "indigenous"? From the perspective of those who say they are "Native American" because they were born in America, but that is a snarky thing to do. It is an attempt to discredit American Indians. Same thing here, I think. Russell is intentionally (or not) being dismissive of American Indians. Then, Russell tells us that this family is being invaded by the World of Darkness. These are interesting parallels... Where is she going with this?
Don’t be under the impression that the appraisal figure you receive is the correct value of your home. There are various appraisals available, and they will all have different results. Your best bet is to enlist the help of a real estate agent who can perform a more comprehensive market analysis. This narrows down the value to a more accurate and realistic figure.
A big grin softened Jim’s forbidding face. “Hey, that’s great! I’ll bet Pippi’s thrilled. She’s had that look in her eye for quite a while now.”
Christie Brinkley, the model, Hamptons socialite and real-estate investor, has put a 19th-century five-bedroom house in Sag Harbor on the market for $15.75 million.
Many triathletes and open water swimmers struggle with their freestyle because of something called “runner’s kick”. If this is you, read on and learn how to overcome this common challenge!
I'm also thinking about what kind of fabric I'd like to do the headboard in. It should be some kind of upholstery fabric so that it holds, but beyond that... the possibilities are endless! I could do it in gray, or maybe even in a more fun color, based on what kind of gifts I'll be getting for my wedding...
You can also visit their site if you want to look at the original photos, but be warned they weigh in at over 10MB each. It’s also worth noting that the Nokia 808 PureView is a couple of months away from launch, so Nokia still have time to polish the image processing firmware, as Nokia’s own Damian Dinning attests more than once.
Never expected it to turn into an actual discussion of modern American cinema. I expected to get some guff on it, sure, but my friend Ted dropped an immediate challenge of a funny but more intense nature:
The ministry's recruitment process would in future put emphasis on "quality rather than quantity", because they could not fight crime if staffers were themselves involved.
Oh let me see your beauty when the witnesses are gone
Without lifting his head, the boy said, “I went outside to wait for father and to admire my new knife in the sunlight. Some town boys came by and saw me, they got all around me and starting saying bad things. They called me dirty and stupid and said that I should not have such a fine knife. The largest of these boys pushed me back and I fell over one of the other boys. I dropped my knife and one of them snached it up and they all ran away laughing.” Here the boy’s anger returned, “I hate them. I hate them all.”
I do own a sewing machine, though, that I use from time to time to fix or hem something.
French Flower
And there's another funny thing... Our colleagues, especially on the surgical side, can not do this. They are tied to their hospitals, they can't operate, at least to do the big cases, without hospital privileges. I feel bad for them, because this can be held over their heads. Same with folks establishing a practice in a town associated with a hospital, or folks working solely in a hospital.
This post is going to be long, because I have a lot on my heart. I'm so thankful for each of you and how you rallied for precious Bernadette during our Sunshine Girl Giveaway back in February and March. We watched in awe of God's provision for one sweet orphan girl as a little over $10,000 came in for Bernadette's grant. She really does light up a room and so many of us fell in love with this girl.
It was a smart play to draw up to lead the defense in to thinking James was going to take the last shot. But come on now. It is time for LeBron to put all the criticism in the closest and FINALLY close out a game.
Michele L. Hoffmann, 27, Freehold, N.J.
The only person Cordelia can trust is Astrid Donal, a flapper who seems to have it all: money, looks, and the love of Cordelia’s brother, Charlie. But Astrid’s perfect veneer hides a score of family secrets.
Enjoy and Have a great day!
10. Martyr
It’s been a little over a week since I finished pedaling. The whole ride home, I felt like an impatient seven-year-old watching the clock, waiting for the recess bell. I just wanted to get home. I was counting the kilometres. Now I am home. The RV has been cleaned out and returned to the rental company. I’ve slept well. I’m slowly catching up on everything. I’ve been slowly putting pieces of this blog together from the road and the last 2 days at home.
"It's my Birthday... I deserve a piece of cake!"
40 The Evolution Control Committee - I Don't Care
Everyone looked shattered. News about the buildings that had fallen down in the city, the devastation in Kutch from the 8.1-magnitude quake, and the people who had died had started reaching us by that time.
and not one of them came back appearing to have made any purchases.
How did you feel at the end of high school?
** Right Back**(WS)
Third times a charm… Hair. I actually did my hair this morning. I was tired of looking Blah:
Matt Damon, long standing Democrat and Obama proponent weighs in:
Sharpe's Revenge (good)
Can Cuboy save the day? Will Padrino mess Time right up? Does it really matter? Is this a tower defence game? What’s for dinner? A/S/L? ***QUICKFIRE HINTS***
I've had this book for a few months now but I've yet to make anything out of it. There are so many great projects that I want to sew but I think I'll start with a practical one. We are in desperate need of some more bath mats so I'm going to sew the towel rug.
Ultimately, he holds parents culpable. “Whose fault is it that gun is in your child’s room?” he asked. “Look under the mattress. Say, ‘I’m raising you. This is my job, to raise you.’”
Now how to connect that thought to mole is really beyond me. I’m just going to look at the beautiful, dark sauce and feel proud that I got another meal on the table be thankful for the family I shared it with.
the vows it made,
Q&A with the director following the screening.
Friends, if you too are finding yourself in a rut take some time to draw away from the world and connect with your inner being. Find a good book to read and curl up. Put your favorite album on repeat and lay on your bedroom floor. Then tell yourself that each moment is a chance for a new beginning. You just have to take that chance and make it into something more.
What was it my mother once said? I tap my chin and think back to my eight-year-old self. The little boy across the street had just kicked me in the shins and spit in my hair before he dashed away laughing. I limped home with tears in my eyes and bloodstains on my socks. As I bawled in my mother’s arms, I kept asking her if he would be punished for what he’d done. It only seemed fair that he should pay for being so mean. Between her gentle cooing she whispered, “Fate decides what will be and what will not somewhere between always and never.” Her answer seemed like a crock back then and life has proven to me more than once that the answer is never. The little boy is a bitter man and the little girl still cries.
He also has two different eyes.
Dear Alexi,
My father could barely walk up the stairs after taking that panel of Sheetrock down into the basement. He told me he needed a few seconds to catch his breath. About ten minutes later, he was no better. That’s when I told him to get the heck home & get some rest. My father agreed; that alone was a rarity. “Probably food poisoning,” he muttered, and walked slowly to his truck.
1 tablespoon light corn syrup
You can starve them to death in their millions, as Stalin did, and as Lenin had before him. You can force them to march through the desert until they drop dead through hunger and exhaustion as was the Turks' preferred method of dispatching some one and a half million Armenians, whilst the world was distracted by the first World War. Alternatively if you wish to speed up the process you can shoot them, bomb them, gas them as Saddam Hussein did to the Kurds, or merely hack them to bits with machetes, by which means the Rwandans slaughtered 800,000 people in a mere 100 days during 1994.
If we poison our children with hatred
Judge Masin denied the motion to dismiss and the case proceeded to trial.
I keep thinking about the whole art-and-faith conundrum. Maybe it’s not really a conundrum. I have a feeling Christians, at least, lost some of our artistic prowess when we started making art into billboards. In the Middle Ages, most art was “Christian,” but it was designed to tell stories (albeit Christian stories), not specifically to convert anyone. I’m an evangelical. I used to be a missionary. I believe in sharing my faith. What’s more, my Messiah told lots of stories with underlying meanings. I give children’s sermons. I just don’t think every single expression of art or of faith needs to be a sermon. The book I consider authoritative for life and meaning is full of stories and they don’t all have point by point, easily-delineated-on-an-easel, applications, though I believe they do have some application. I believe that ideally, the truer and more genuine both things (art and faith) are, the more winsome they will be.
After a two week planning period, it was time for General S. Musselman to send her troops into battle. Armed with a forky weeding thing in hand, and a large bucket to collect the casualties at her side, she was ready for a quick ‘how-to pull weeds’ lesson from Commander-in-Chief M. Musselman.
Canadian Plains Indians, the Innu, were moved by the Canadian government into specially built estates. They were effectively forcibly transformed into Canadians, just as Britons are being forcibly transformed into ‘citizens of the world’. Like us, the Innu are having their past erased and are being offered nothing for the future — despair has set in, as it is setting in on Britain’s sink estates. A superficial difference is that the Innu were dispossessed by a different ethnic group (Canadian globalists), whereas we are being dispossessed by our own elected representatives (British globalists). But it is the same global movement. In the young Innu, deculturalisation manifests in drug and alcohol abuse and petty crime.
Y'all remember we bought a real fixer upper, right? That's putting it mildly. We're pretty much gutting and rebuilding each room as we go. So far, we're about 1/2 way done. The bathroom, kitchen/den, and hall are done. We have the living and two bedrooms left and since there's no plumbing there, it'll be a breeze compared to what we've done so far. I'll post some before/after pics once we put the finishing touches on the "done" rooms.
Past research has also suggested that being bilingual might help ward off dementia.
Then those same people who lash the explosives to their fellow men women or children in order to blow up as many of Gods human creations as possible are saying that they are getting upset over some books being burnt.
This is the Summonses and Liability Orders scam, where under the Council Tax (Administration and Enforcement) Regulations 1992, councils are only permitted to impose "costs reasonably incurred" for the issuing of these orders, which must also under the law be charged for separately.
Salt – As required
Blogs are designed to build traffic (interested viewers) and funnel them to wherever you want them to go.
AUTHORIZATION FOR "ALL MEASURES NECESSARY"
Unless you're psychic or you abuse the save-anywhere function, that success bar isn't gonna get very high. Note also the untranslated "What To Do Next" dialogue, how helpful!
Too many of us are struggling in a terrible economy, with little or no leeway for our own needs, now and in the future.
Side Note: It is recommended that you stay far away from these breeds as there are rumours they hunt to “hipstertise” un-susecpting people and enforce their twisted self absorbed vintage wannabe retro ideas upon innocent normal folk. Once one is “hipstertised” it takes an unknown amount of time to cure them as many who has sought cures are yet to be cured from this terrible, awful, and morbid curse that is the Hipster Bite.
Released: January 10, 2012
So how was my first week of work? Well, to be honest it kind of went by in a quick blur. I would be lying if I said It wasn't overwhelming. But that's expected right? I'm in a new location, with new people, in a new church, and new set of ways to learn. To be honest that sums up what I've been trying to do this week; learn. I'm also playing electric guitar this week at Manheim (the main campus), so I've been learning the songs for the weekend. Busy, busy, busy!
On August 7, 2008, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) published a notice identifying the applicability date of regulatory provisions relating to applications containing patentably indistinct claims which are enjoined in Tafas v. Dudas, 530 F. Supp. 2d 786 (E.D. Va. 2008):
I whisper in your ear, "It's been too long since I took you in the ass. I think I need that right now."
I wish we could remember that on a daily basis.
Deborah
It will now feature Lower fat options for most recipes that are not already low fat.
We men – say we’re not a virgin even if we still are.
"The Flaming Phantom"
The BNP’s leader has already announced he will stand against Labour minister Margaret Hodge in next year’s general election, and senior party figures now fear a “double-whammy” in the BNP’s heartland. It won 17 per cent of the vote in the 2005 general election.
the bar method
I'm sad.
And when our Jesus needed him
They looked at me like I was stupid and said, "All you have to do is hold it a little farther away from your mouth, Mom." Duh
"The challenge for patent reform has never been amongst political parties but rather amongst large industries central to the U.S. economy, not least of which is technology," said Greenwald, explaining the difficulty of patent reform moving through Congress.
elemental pleasure.
That was the key to a successful robbery. Multiple getaway cars.
have always been drawn to anything that involves creative thinking. I enjoyed sketching as a child and was eventually drawn to music. In school, the structure and process of writing reports always made more sense to me than mathematics and the sciences, and I suppose that skill translated a bit into storytelling. I recall, at age five, drawing characters with bubbles above their heads. The bubbles had scribbles inside, and I made a habit of going from adult to adult telling the story/dialogue that was written within the bubbles. Of course, the story was always much more elaborate than what could possibly be written in the small bubble, and the story always changed, but I consider that to be the age when I started writing. If that doesn’t count, then I suppose I started in fourth grade when I wrote a story about popcorn characters. I do not remember how the story went exactly, but recall that one of the characters was named Colonel (which I spelled “Kernel”) Caramel Corn.
When you were young, you were a savior of despair
I love photography. I take photos every chance I get. I can go to the zoo to take photos and come back three hours later with 200 photos. I have been doing it for a while now. Recently I noticed the more often you take photos the better at it you get. Chaske Spencer is awesome. It is so fun meeting him. He is amazing. I can’t wait to see more of his movies and hear about all of his adventures. He deserves it.
Old customs lose their sway;
Last airdate: April 27, 1991
Right now there is no time for creativity, no time for paper love.
Earlier I was touched by the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan speech when he addressed members of his AKP party in parliament, appealing to Hosni Mubarak, the Egyptian president: "You have to listen to the wishes of the people in order to create security and stability. First you must take steps that are good for Egypt. You must take steps that satisfy the people.Everyone has the right to fight for freedom, but without violence.You must not forget that the people who oppose you are still human, still your brothers."said the Turkish PM. In what he said was both a warning and piece of advice for Mubarak, Erdogan said, “We are all passing, and we will be judged by what we left behind.”
“It seems his daughter, Isabella, fancied a young man of very modest means. She was all he had after the death of Mrs. Baines in–what’s the chart say?–yes, in 1889, by the Russian flu. He was determined to arrange a suitor for her that matched his aspirations for her future. But, as it always does, love had other plans.”
Good grief.
i do remember having a really fun time that day. i can't believe how long ago it was and how quickly time goes by. this is why i love photos. a memory like this would not be retrieved quite so easily without the photo that helped to preserve it.
I stamped all the images on a white cardstock, and coloured them with these Copic Markers - Elephant (C1, C3, C5, E01), Girls' faces (E000, E01, E11, R21), Hair (Y11, Y26 and E07, E99, E11), Rug and carriage (Y26, Y11, R30, R32, R35, BG53, BG70), Birds (B00 & G00), Outline (BG11). The sentiment was stamped using Memento Danube Blue. The patterned papers are from Studio Calico Abroad 6x6.
Whether loud be her cheers or soft be her tears,
How do you co-parent separately with someone you couldn't co-parent together with? Good question, right? We could do what we each please, fight like cats and dogs and blame each other when something goes wrong, or we could learn to communicate with each other, collaborate on details and work together. I don't think either of those will work for us. There has to be some middle ground somewhere that we can reach. There are going to be fights, there are going to be misunderstandings; that happens in the best of relationships and yes, this is still a relationship. It is just an evolving relationship. We are no longer best friends, in fact I don't think either of us would call the other friend at this moment in time. The fact remains, though, that we need to find a way to work together. We each need to learn to give to the other and think of the kids first.
Ricardo is getting ready for his match tonight, ADR does not approve.
1-2 Garlic cloves, chopped or pressed
For that kind of money one would expect some other-wordly specifications, and Concept_One delivers.
We all know that the Tea Party is not a monolithic national movement. It is divided between three major organizations, in which thousands of local Tea Parties enjoy considerable autonomy. It is difficult to get such a diverse movement to coalesce nationally around a single platform or candidate (though it is possible at the state level, as Ohio's Tea Parties, through the Ohio Liberty Council, demonstrated with Issue 3's nullification of mandatory health insurance last November).
Just because the Dev Alpha is a touchscreen phone doesn’t mean BlackBerry 10 devices won’t have physical keyboards; we expect to see at least a slider model, because the keyboard has always been a BlackBerry highlight, and the PlayBook OS can already suppress the onscreen letters when you attach the Mini Keyboard case.
Can U believe it?
Then on the far end of the ripped spectrum you have professional body builders like Lou Ferrigno, the original Incredible Hulk. He is incredibly ripped (likely down in the 2% body fat range) and very muscular. Yet the build and body composition isn’t ideal for athletic performance. When body builders make it on stage for their performance, they are actually at their weakest because they have gone through a period of excessive dehydration and fasting in order to optimize the ripped look. This is not the ideal athletic build if you still want to have a performance-based build.
5. I have 9 tattoos
However, although on paper these places seem like a godsend, many tend to fall down in service and overall management. Like many discount operations in New York City, getting good help at low wages who will take their jobs seriously is difficult. The experience in this chain tends to be uneven. There is even a blog ihateduanereade.
And it didn’t feel good in the dream. I thought that confronting him in real life would be hard but would help me feel free. But I didnt in the dream. I just felt bad.
And that’s what I said.
Doesn’t it sound like the weirdest thing ever?
73. Try to cuss less.
3.) Add spices to pot, and cook with onion mixture for 30-45 seconds; careful not to burn.
Main
3. Angry people are hard to help. On the defensive, I can’t probe and help you solve problems. I truly want to help. I want to work with you to find your dream car. Help me to help you…
2. In a bowl, mash bananas. Then whisk in sugar, oil, eggs, and vanilla. In another bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda. Using a rubber spatula combine the two mixtures together. Stir in the walnuts. Pour the batter into loaf pan and smooth top.
World 7 Warp: Yield the abstruse avenue from the Apple 4 Apparition House.
Think about this: it was not long ago in our history that many women had no more freedom to choose a husband than children do to choose their parents. A woman went straight from having to obey her parents to having to obey her husband. I'm sure many "wouldn't dare say no or talk back" to their husbands. And these women "dealt with it," but that doesn't mean it was ideal. Women did not matter. Their needs, desires, opinions did not matter. And there are some places in the modern world where they still don't.
- Attention, authors: This interesting chart of what Twitter users do and don't like demonstrates why Twitter is such an excellent resource for self-promotion. You've got to be savvy about it, though--on Twitter, as elsewhere, spam does not work.
It is interesting to note that in the Q interview, the band state that 'the tourists' are the worst thing about Iceland's economic collapse, that there have never been more, due to the failed króna, and that these tourists are the only people that bother the band for autographs. If you are reading this, tourists or potential tourists, do note that Sigur Rós are not fans of giving out autographs. Try to refrain from asking for them. They have politely requested this.
As we sweet through the beautiful gate.
WonderCon 2012: LINCOLN Hunts Vampires, PROMETHEUS Teased - Writer Ryan Grahame-Smith talks about Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and Sir Ridley Scott discusses Prometheus. Yeah, that panel was a good time.
“Why not? I just washed those sheets this morning.” Julian grumbled again. He then turns on his side, ignoring me. I got up from the vanity seat and crossed to him in heated steps. “You need to snap out of this depression!”
A confused mind, does not consider its message confusing; cause it is confused.
and knocking in pegs, typical of land demarcation.
Stamp: Perfect Punches
I’ve read about the Greek myths before but a lot of the time I get confused with who’s who. Evslin’s book made the distinction clearer and I felt that I really learnt a lot about the Greek myths from his book.
The first album I got my paws on was Ten. Everything on this album was basically giving a voice to a generation. My generation. Speaking to youth that was not represented at that time in the media. All of a sudden the disaffected kids who weren't buying into the 'yellow brick road' route, had a group of musicians who articulated their feelings through music. It was a soundtrack to life. It was the soundtrack to my life. Which sounds hokey. But, literally, played in my headphones on the daily. Soothed the disconnected feelings I felt and in turn made me feel a little less disconnected. Songs like: Deep, Black, Jeremy, Release - these songs cannot be replicated. Cannot be duplicated. It's pretty much a Blade Runner type situation for me. As I have followed their career over twenty years, at times, they were the water that filled the space between the pebbles of my mind. Flowing in between, sometimes taking up more space than before and sometimes less. A relationship.
Through resolution envisioned.
we did Christmas shopping
Well, it’s official. Black Ops 2 has gone from being “Cold War-fare (hehe, pun) to “Future Warfare”. And from the looks of it, it may turn out to be some interesting stuff. Treyarch has always been noticeably superior to Infinity Ward in terms of narrative. Despite how awesome the Modern Warfare series was, it still lacked the kind of narrative that makes the down-to-earth player think twice about the point of war.
It is now 5:29 am on Sunday and I have yet to go to sleep! Because I wanted to keep an eye on them through the night I put the blow up mattress in the living room and Nathan slept on the couch and I in the chair. About 3:30 I finally finished my school work from last week and decided to check on them before I laid down. Tenli's fever was back up to 103.7 and Alanah's was up to 101.7. I gave them both drinks, and motrin and before I knew it their fevers broke and now they are jumping around on the mattress watching veggie tales along with Evangelyne.
A worried woman went to her gynecologist and said:
This brings us to what needs to be fixed in the off-season. Again, these are only my opinions, but here is what I saw in the six-game loss to the Flyers:
The creature comfort feature is what ends up making a bag unbearably heavy.
- The Brooklyn Yoga Cooperative, currently based at LaunchPad, has grown so tremendously that they'll be moving into their own space two blocks south (in the former hairdresser's spot, next to the dollar store between Lincoln and St. John's, I believe) sometime soon.
“‘Piss’ is the only unheard complete PANTERA track in existence, “said Vinnie. “It was recorded at the same time as ‘Vulgar Display Of Power’ and it’s 100 percent PANTERA with attitude and our signature groove! After mixing it, I can’t believe it didn’t make the record! So it’s 2012 and 20 years later and new PANTERA music has been delivered.”
3 reflections
so I check his email.(im not one to normally do this, but I knew something was not right so instead of acting like nothing was wrong, i wanted to know)
Lydia had her first play-date on Wednesday. She had so much fun with Eva. She learned a little more about playing with some of her toys and learned a little about sharing, but that could use a little more work. : )
"No I'm not."
Life has an unexpected way of giving you everything you’ve ever wanted within a blink. (Before I start getting tonnes of envy, I,like everyone else, have also had my fair share of rubbish and bad news in this time frame too) however I choose to focus on the positives as always, as if you hadn’t seen in my picture (I’ve always got a mahoosively cheeky grin on my face). Smile through happiness and through sadness, for in sadness you find your strength.
We also added hardware to the cabinets which gives it another little personalized touch.
Number 2, 85 minute runtime. Keep in mind that this is a movie that encompasses three vastly different time periods hundreds of years apart, and the film is supposed to tell the story of how Pinhead actually dies once and for all as well as how that evil puzzle box was actually created in the first place. And it’s supposed to do that in 85 DAMN MINUTES?! How is that supposed to contain such an epic story? The only possible conclusion is that the movie is REALLY gonna suck or it’s REALLY gonna be a damn wonder of a film by someone clearly gifted beyond human conception. And if you can’t guess which one of those THIS PILE OF FELCH is, I suggest you watch the film, because you’re probably its intended audience…
To listen to speakers, webinars, seminars, meetings, etc., I would have to have something for my hands to do. This would free my ears and the listening part of my brain. If I don’t have something for my hands to do I cannot hear you.
Mother swats them away with a wooden spatula as we giggle behind
I’ve gotta play,
One big advantage of performance-driven classrooms is that teachers have many opportunities to recognize the successes of students and in turn encourage them to repeat those successes and behaviors. Great teachers want to openly recognize what students are doing to move closer to achieving the learning targets. Recognizing and rewarding good work along the way motivates students to keep practicing until they reach the final goal.
I talk to Miss Logan weekly about our process. And she is one of the people in Ch**a right now! I really want her to text me every hour and take video and tell me if our daughter is there by any chance.
This tribute double-album offers 32 tracks, and a jaw-dropping list of contributors boasting names like Library Broderick, Nils Frahm, Dustin O'Halloran...among others.
Parting Note:
Once the van was loaded it was time to head back home. We drove back to the M1, stopped at London Gateway services for some more tea- yes, more tea- and then drove back up the M1 in convoy. just before Luton the traffic slowed to a standstill and we switched lanes, drove up the exit ramp and down the other side, saving us a good 15-20 minutes on our journey, as four lanes of traffic were funnelled down to single lane as they installed a new bridge over the motorway. When we left the motorway, we swapped around a bit and Chris drove Cozy and Lee home while I carried on to our home. I'd just made yet another cup of tea when Chris arrived back. He'd had two hours sleep since the rehearsal on Thursday night, so we got to bed at about 3.30. I was up at about lunchtime the next day, still tired from the previous day's exertions, but looking forward to tonight's show in a tiny picture postcard village near Evesham.
How To Wear Red Lipstick
I can totally see his vision.
And he seems very sure as he offers up his opinion
4.) Drain pasta and return to stove. Add cooked pesto sauce mixture and cooked chicken. Mix until pasta and chicken is coated with pesto sauce mixture.
Only a fool would intrude.
Please hop over to her blog to see the details and leave a lovely comment for her!
So… let’s see… We can now eliminate:
I will have another frame like this to show you soon!
“By the time I’m 60, I would have put in 43 years of service, earning a salary at the top of the pay scale. How does that save the district money? You could hire two people for the cost of one and encourage young people to join the profession. Right now, I would not recommend to my pupils to become a teacher in Michigan.”
Thanks to I Am a Reader, Not a Writer and Rachel Renee Anderson for hosting this hop. Please make sure you check out the other 300+ blogs participating–the full list is on both I Am a Reader’s and Rachel’s sites.
Helpful homeschooling tips or advice....Keep meals, especially dinners simple, yet nutritious so as to be able to spend more quality time with your children and husband. For instance, a meal of homemade bread, scrambled eggs, blueberries and oranges with a warm cup of hot cocoa can really fill you up. Eggs aren't just for breakfast anymore!
In front of me looms this lamp post, I slam on the brakes and try to start moving the car from hitting the car and me head on. I succeed and hit the wing and embed it into the wing of the car. The other wing smashes into a final wooded post.
When Mark came in I told him I wasn’t doing good. I felt the whole anger/guilt/self harm thing going on. So I tried to stay in the moment. I thought about what I could do to try and stop it. I could leave the house, go somewhere. Quickly ruled out as the thought of just getting ready to go somewhere and then coming home knowing the patio was STILL THERE made me so mad. We decided that the best thing I could do was to stay right where I was.
You bet your sweet twat I do. It’s vacation time. Hello, couch and dog and Street Fighter X Tekken. Let’s do this.
Support acts: Toby Coleman, Shayne Hunter
Gee had to power through a troubling fourth inning in which he allowed the Rockies to come back from a 3-1 deficit and take the the lead 4-3. The first four batters of the inning all got base hits, including Todd Helton with an RBI double and Michael Cuddyer with an RBI single. Later in the frame, after Gee had recorded a couple of outs, starting pitcher Guillermo Moscosco gave Colorado the lead with a clutch RBI hit of his own.
oven but we are going to renovate
I'll try to write more here, I suppose. We'll see how that goes. I have a tendency to be a blog camel. You know....like a sex camel. Don't know what a sex camel is? It's what I used to call my friend Val's husband because he hardly ever wanted to have sex. I'd say he was like a camel. He'd store it up for a month or so, then he'd need it again to store it up and so on. Get the idea? Well, I realized I've been a blog camel for the last 7 years or so. I'll write every single day (sometimes two or three times a day) for a week or two, and then I won't write at all for a couple of months. It's ok, though. I'm just storing it all up in my head so it can come eventually come spouting out.
Our purpose in setting up our own mail server versus using an online system (such as the one our domain-ISP provides) is not problems with our users, but problems with those that receive mail from us. We are an organization that has a few in-house folks that send e-mail to our members. The members are not users of our mail system but will have clients and providers such as AOL, Yahoo, or Verizon. For a long time when I first began working in this capacity, no problems could be examined. If a member said they didn’t get an e-mail, we couldn’t track anything along the path, nor did we get any kind of error messages from our provider’s mail servers. Setting up and operating our own mail server has solved many of those problems. They were solved because in the course of building and using the server, we had to learn all about how e-mail traverses the Internet and the standards that have come to play because of spam and phishing practices of nefarious people.
The man in the wheelchair was the politician Ron Paul, he looked & seemed a bit older to me, and I remember him talking to me about politics & other things in his usual way as I helped him use the electric lift to reach the floor; but his wheelchair flipped over once we reach the floor, and I thought that Mr. Paul was seriously injured & so I felt bad for not being able to stop it from flipping, but he was okay as I helped him up & as I picked up his wheelchair, to my surprise.
As the Arab Spring blossomed … the Pentagon acted decisively. It forged ever deeper ties with some of the most repressive regimes in the region, building up military bases and brokering weapons sales and transfers to despots from Bahrain to Yemen.
Only Brian Lara (400*), Mahela Jayawardene (375), Mark Taylor (334*) and Graham Gooch (333) have scored more runs than Clarke as a captain. Jayawardene and Gooch are the only other two to have done so in a winning team. That adds significant weight to Clarke’s effort.
Deifying or idolizing teams, coaches, players, GM’s, or owners
Congrats Jenn!! Email me your address and I will get your stinkin' cute fat quarters out to you this week!
My wife and I have only made it to one of class reunions in these past 30 years. We missed our 5 year reunion in 1987. I was just wrapping up the most challenging training experience of my life when that reunion was happening. I was just weeks away from graduating from the US Navy’s Nuclear Power School in Orlando, FL and I was cramming for my finals in reactor theory, reactor chemistry, reactor physics, and reactor design principles and couldn’t get away. We missed our 10 year reunion in 1992 because I was stationed at Pearl Harbor on the USS Cavalla (SSN684). I had decided that I was getting out of the Navy and only had 6 months left to my EAOS (expiration of active obligated service). It didn’t make any sense to fly my little family of 6 to the mainland for a little vacation so close to being able to move there. We made it to the 20 year reunion in 2002. We drove straight through from Pine Bluff, AR to get there, 25 hours on the road, trading off drivers sleeping in the back seat when not driving. As we approached this year’s event it looked like it wasn’t going to happen. Nobody was advertising when or where it was going to be and no one was indicating they were in charge.
Bake for 8 minutes or until cheese is bubbly
It’s frequently claimed – I’ve done so myself, I regret to say – that royalty brings a substantial amount of tourist cash into London and the rest of the country but, actually, the argument is utterly facile. The absence of a monarchy hasn’t noticeably damaged the tourist trade in Paris, or anywhere else in France, has it?
I can't wait to see how much these young "veggie-lings" grow over the next week, because about the same time these pictures were taken, we put another round of fertilizer - Miracle-Gro Organic (aka dried chicken poop).
'Spring is Love’ – Create a card or project inspired by the COLORS in the photo posted below and INCLUDE FLOWERS, POLKA DOTS and a HEART!
There it is -
10 oz. package linguine noodels, cooked
Rant over.
Some nights rain is a refuge, the foghorn's blast a blessing murmured half asleep. She finds all the hidden places on those nights, piles memories on like worn quilts, forgets to listen for steps on the stairs. She reaches for nothing, lets the curtains stay open, leaves the candle be. What's a little darkness?
Have a great Saturday everyone!
let the temples my feel only stranded
Red paint – eagle feathers – coyote calling – it has begun
Connor glared back hatefully. “Don’t talk about my dad, Miss Flint. You don’t know how he’d feel, and you sure as hell don’t know me.” His eyes stung as tears threatened. He willed them away, refusing to give Pruneface the satisfaction of seeing him cry.
Karl and I headed to Saturn after Karl informed CB and the floor manager who kept messaging him, Karl, that we were on our way there. I told Robbie as well since he was texting nonstop. They were expecting us when we got to Saturn.
“The cause must be seen as the philosophical and religious ignorance, reigning on the Earth. The Teachings of God are forgotten or distorted! Huge masses of people do not understand: what is good and what is bad. What God considers as a crime, that programs people to hell, into the ‘rubbish heap’ of the Evolution — young souls, led by false ‘shepherds’, consider as ‘holy’, ‘pious’!…
cream cheese into the brownie batter and getting it spread as far to the sides of the pan as possible. Then drizzle the remaining brownie batter on top of the cream cheese mixture – I try to make parallel lines – and take a knife and run it across the lines to create a marble pattern.
“There is no evidence that there is a safe threshold of alcohol consumption for avoiding cancer, or that cancer risk varies between the type of alcohol beverage consumed,"Note how the headline is uncannily similar to the declaration made by Billy Sunday nearly a century ago.
* How long did it take you from initial inspiration to finally achieving the publication deal for A Hen in the Wardrobe?
The influx is putting more and more pressure on the entire South African infrastructure which has already absorbed some 5 million destitute African immigrants over the past 5 years — and who now form more than one-tenth of the population — creating a volatile mixture of fear and resentment in all the South African towns and cities. In May, more than 60 foreign Africans were killed in an eruption of anti-immigrant violence across the country.
I've decided not to do my "Best Of" posting this year, the "Lew Bryson Awards." It was getting a bit forced, especially the "Best of/Worst of" SE PA listings, and I have to admit to being a bit freaked out when Appalachian put my choice of them as best PA brewpub on the side of their building back in 2006...so I'm not doing it this year.
The big gorgeous elephant statement necklace was a gift from LP. He was filming a designer, Leslie Homan, for her Kitsch 'n' Kouture line. He happened to mention me and after talking a bit, she let him pick something out! Small perks. :-) It's now one of my favorite pieces of jewelry.
I want to provide you content that you are interested in. Have questions about outdoor living that you want answered? Something you want to see more of? Something you can't find? Email: blog@capellakincheloe.com
The sad thing is that, as with the women's 60 meter final at the US Indoor Championships where a false start was called on Lisa Barber, the second start of the race went off without incident. And Ms Barber - who also ran under protest - got no advantage over the other athletes and finished in third position. Which based on her performances over the course of the season was where she should have finished. Unfortunately in that instance, Barber was not awarded third as her original false start was upheld - even though she got NO advantage in the final!
It's a hefty question, but I hope that people start waking up and seeing that the world is bad, yes. But we have sheltered our kids to the point where all they want to is sit inside. Not socialize face-to-face and the computer is their only friend.
The Power is back on as you can see. I am using my iMac to repost this with video. Needed a break so I figured I would do this and dry out for a bit... Gotta get back to work around here now though! ...and maybe run out to the store. Which road I will take remains to be seen. :')
The tribunal judgement said: “The claim of harassment relies on the behaviour of Mr Offers and Mr Taylor. It is clear that the conduct towards the claimant was unwanted. This relates to both aspects of the behaviour – the active comments and failure to communicate with the claimant.”
Story by David.
Since this is a short story it's all about her not giving up and him trying to break her. But the second half is different, it is a romance after all so it will all end happily.
The protest has been planned for the 5th June at 3pm outside Central Station, which clearly suggests EDL from outside are preparing to come and back up whatever locals may be involved.
During this period, the character that appears in the opening section of the WIP has a new history, a better explanation for some of his behaviour and a more believable challenge. I am writing fantasy on top of ordinary people, but I know I don’t want to live in the dark ages so this will be modern and urban. I’d love to live in a cave but I’d want a laptop, internet wifi and a mobile phone! Time to reduce my reading to Urban Fantasy – must go find some.
And later that day, finishing the last 'Elmo cake':
and positive people seriously helps towards raising your vibration and the
fReAkInG out people!!!!
Poynter has charts for the top five daily and Sunday U.S. newspapers and links to Rick Edmonds’ in-depth article explaining some of the rule changes that led to today’s report.
Or a choppy squall, as a cloud passed by,
Bake for 20-25 minutes, until the cakes start to shrink away from the sides of the tins and a skewer inserted into the cakes comes out clean.
Much later, as we snuggled together in post-coital bliss, you said you had something to show me. You got out your new camera, and said you wanted to take pictures of me. I must have looked skeptical, because you gave me that pouting smile I can't resist.
Perhaps now organizers can focus on new tactics, engaging the broad majority of Americans across the country who support the movement and want ways to be involved.
(c) Michael Douglas Bosc
Freda's is the realisation of his vision to be part of an evolving Sydney. "I've always wanted someone to create a place when I can go for a drink with my mates and be part of a community; where I can have good food and not have to pay a fortune for it," Simon says. He's so sincere and compelling that if Simon said to put my hands on my head, I would have.
If you ignore a ruling or refuse to comply you can have your licence pulled because membership in the council is often a requirement of the licence.
As four-piece, the group cut the monster-selling In A-Gadda-Da-Vida set later in 1968, that album staying on the U.S. album charts for more than two years, and becoming one of the largest-grossing rock albums of all time. It was also reputedly the first ever rock group album to achieve platinum status.
For those of you who don't wear stockings, tights or hold ups I decided to write about "socks" but not just any socks Trousers Socks. Trouser socks or Knee Highs are decorative or sheer socks worn under trousers as a more refined take on traditional cotton socks. Trouser socks can add a whimsical touch to any outfit just like a pair of tights or hold ups.
We can see that the fabrication of even this first vessel challenged the industry- and vessels didn't get smaller after this but rather got much larger. Before this though let's take a look at a couple of other very early design reactor vessels. Below is the vessel from the nuclear plant built by Babcock & Wilcox for the N.S. Savannah. The illustration is from a book of official specifications for the entire powerplant.
This way you are able to go through your primary levels connected with stopping smoking but without the desires linked to them. Needless to say, reducing the strong desires isn’t generally sufficient, because there are a lot more elements to be able to give up smoking cigarettes. Hence, the laser therapy should go exceptionally well coupled with behavioral therapy that should remove the mental areas of obsession. The laser merely tackles the physical Nicotine cravings.The treatment is incredibly “clean” and has simply no side effects, just like some of the drugs men and women take to stop smoking.
I'd sit at my computer and not realize that my hand had strayed to the spot until tiny curls rained down onto my shoulders, rolled off my left arm, and patterned my white keyboard with small black coils and twists; little c's and o's not of Mac's design. Enough. Time and time again I vowed to stop. I'd stop on my birthday, or on New Years, or after the birth of my first child, my second child the first day of spring the last day of winter. I could not stop twisting my damn hair. Once, I sat watching tv and at 8:45 I vowed I wouldn't twist for 15 minutes. When I found my fingers in my hair and looked at the time, it was 8:45.
My daughters were both toddlers under age 3 and we were in a packed isle in the big grocery super store. I was more tired than my napless daughters. My oldest couldn’t say her “S”s yet so she substituted “F”‘s for them. Normally it was a cute and endearing thing. This day? Yeah, not so much…
Expressed in very simple terms, early AA “quiet time” involved these elements: (1) First, a decision for Christ (often called a “complete” or “real” Surrender) which enabled one to be born-again of God’s spirit and thus become one of God’s children. (2) Study of the Bible. (3) Prayer-both group and individual. (4) Use of devotionals like The Upper Room and The Runner’s Bible. (5) Seeking God’s guidance for their lives—something He promises and can do for those who have received the gift of the Holy Spirit and have become His kids (See 1 Corinthians 12:1-13; Galatians 1:11-12; 1 Peter 4:10-11; James 1:5-8).
That was years ago. Now, I see the benefits of both writing to share with others, as well as reading what others share. In this technologically infused world, the internet offers numerous ways to connect with others. Blogs are one of these fabulous tool that can help foster friendships, strengthen and encourage others, and create community.
There are two other eyeshadow quads available from Soap & Glory, one for a smokey darker eye and another more colourful quad, I'll definitely be picking up the smokey one!
the Hilltop
I dont purchase shoes very often. But I do get through many pairs of fell shoes. Even though I am a pretty neutral runner and do not destroy shoes like some runners do I probably get through 4 or 5 pairs a year. They take a lot of punishment.
AE dress (old)
Gone to California - twice
Green Tea - Three cups daily can speed up metabolism and burn 30 calories. The compound ECGC in tea improves your ability to burn fat.
It's never too late to change.
come drifing down in to the yard
An interesting relic – because, quite a few names have been left untouched on the list, designating them as among quite a few no-shows that particular night. One such being a certain Chris Blackwell + 1; his first U2 show came a bit later on; at a pub in Herne Hill, the same hot night that Bob Marley had headlined his last ever UK show at Crystal Palace Bowl on a glorious summer’s afternoon.
Abnormal bleeding. Amenorrhea with some degree of vaginal spotting bleeding -60% to 80 %
The tribes included the compsource of oklahoma, Chickasaw, Cherokee, Creek and Seminole Indians. The five laid the ghost towns of oklahoma for what would eventually become Oklahoma state history. Unfortunately, when Oklahoma joined the aclu of oklahoma, the obituaries of oklahoma from the ghost towns of oklahoma and the redcorn of oklahoma since 1960 when the ghost towns of oklahoma that winning streak to move to combat this problem within the ghost towns of oklahoma, Oklahoma City apartments are available in the ghost towns of oklahoma of aviation, telecommunications and mineral oil refining. The state boasts beautiful lakes, mountains and lakes. There are also food vendors as well as a life-size reproduction of a frontier town.
Anyway, we leave the TV on if we can pull in a station or leave a DVD movie playing. This seems to soothe them, although camping neighbors sometimes report barking and scratching noises while we're gone. We're pretty sure the scratching noises are from Sydney dancing on the bottom of her crate.
stop();
By shifting your focus and intentions to one of mutual cooperation, things will begin to change. And one day you may find yourself and your goals and intentions outgrowing the “job relationship”. The same might also be “felt” by “your job” in which case you can both move forward to bigger things with a clear concious and gratitude for the gifts exchanged.
And I’ve *finally* found a mothers’ group out here. That is a whole other story – next post!
What do you think of rules? Do you embrace them or buck them, or like me, a little of both? Does your family have them? What rules or habits do you practice, and how do they add to your life?
So, here's the story so far:
I miss hiking with them more than almost anything in Xela. I know that they love the hike too, because, since I moved back to the states, they’ve continued to hike.
B. Bed size: Double
The camp will include a beautiful Espresso Classic 6 x 6 album including 20 pages
A little side note: This was not a stolen design idea, which can be disheartening enough, but this was 2 years of my life shared through my jewelry designs, photographing them, editing them, sharing and writing about them, photographs of my daughter, my Dad, my family, etc., and it was all lifted complete with photos, titles and all content, with no links back to the owner at all. And for what purpose? To sell "AD SENSE" ads, so that they could make money off of the readerships clicks on the ads. Tacky, I say.
So will we keep dating? Maybe. Will we live together again? Maybe. Will we break up? Maybe. Will we part ways and never speak again? Maybe. Will this all get figured out and we'll live happily ever after? Maybe. Will we each meet someone else to spend the rest of our lives with? Maybe.
We dusted off the crib, putting it together this time as thirty somethings instead of the young twenty somethings we were when we first pieced the crib together.
General Najiya: Yes, your highness, but how—?
But in the meantime, if anyone can help Jimmy raise the £5,000 he’s aiming for in memory of Carmen, then please - anything, however small, is most welcome.
After Voyager, nothing man-made ever moved that fast again... that is, till the New Horizons mission to Pluto, just a few years ago.
This is my FIL's wife, Joy. They just adopted a new kitty. They named her Dolly. She is an indoor cat, but I think she wants to be an outdoor cat. Especially up at camp as there are so many things to look at and to chase ;)
“OK so you know at the end of Men in Black, there’s that pan-out where it turns out the universe is inside a marble and some aliens are playing marbles with it? Stephen King is that alien, and each of his books is a marble and the Dark Tower series is the bag those marbles are carried in.”
Charon’s series of Christmas Paintings start with a ‘homage’ to a favoured artist – Dali. The next Christmas painting will be ‘Snow White Snorts Snow’ in the style of Charondigliani.The Cross after Dali (2009)
One more example. One of my son’s Cornell friends (Asian) used her minority status to get a job in D. C. after graduation. She certainly wasn’t disadvantaged, having been exposed to some of the country’s (and the world’s) finest intellectual capital for 4 years.
And finds the right words to say
We then see Richie in a suit, prosecuting the case against Frank in court. He and Frank also talk in closed chambers, as Richie wants him to give up names. Frank insists that no one will testify because he took care of Harlem. Richie tells Frank that many would testify against him because a black businessman represents progress and once he's gone things can go back to normal. Frank tells him "Normal is seeing the police right up to my house, dragging my little 12 year old cousin out, tying him to a pole, shoving a shotgun in his mouth so hard they bust his teeth, then they bust two shotgun shells in his head and knock his fucking head off." He mentions the possibility of Richie getting his head blown off, but Richie just tells him to get in line. Realizing neither bribery or threats will affect Richie, he agrees to name names. Richie tells him if he lies about one name, he'll never get out of prison. Frank doesn't believe that Richie wants the names of police officers but Richie assures him that he wants them all.
Because this afternoon whilst gardening, and just half an hour after writing this post, I got poked in the eye by a sharp stick - well it was actually a very pointy twig but it hurt just the same.
Words I Write Crazy
Tom stared at the phone as if it was laughing at him. Mocking everything he hoped for, everything he believed in, and he still wouldn’t pick it up. He still couldn’t bring himself to call John.
Ok, off to get some more work done.
3rd Force = Very likely Equality (there is nothing for 3rd Force to run on except Equality and anti-Nepotism).
I can't hide my Wildcat pride.
For my birthday this last April - I decided I deserved something special. Something to make my life easier. SO - I went to CosmoProf (a wholesale store for licensed beauty technicians - thank you Jamie for hooking me up) I bought myself a GHD flat iron. I had previously had a CHI and I have to be honest - it wasn't that great. I brought my new GHD home and carefully plugged it in. I am not sure I have ever owned anything that expensive (except for maybe my wedding ring - it is real right Jason? :0) I was giddy as the plates ran through my stubborn waves straightening them like a pancake in half the time it had taken my CHI. I concluded it was definately worth the $150.00 I begrudgingly forked over for it.
Of course you want your book in categories that make sense for it. Of course I'm going to use one of my books as an example ;o).
This card had been sitting on my craft desk just waiting for something, so when I saw this sentiment I knew it was a perfect match! I have embossed the orange using my Cuttlebug embossing folder, then I punched circles using scraps and inked edges. This has become one of my face a card designs to use up all those tiny scraps you save. The sentiment is from "Falling Ants Set" and a lil' ribbon to tie it all together!
What I've Learned from What to Expect: She's obviously moving around now, her permanent teeth buds have formed, and she should be smoothing out by now...no more wrinkles.
EastEnders: The Brannings deal with Tanya’s cancer diagnosis
Add marshmallows to mixture in electric mixer, reduce speed to low and add vanilla. Continue beating (on low) until the marshmallows are melted and frosting is completely smooth (about 3-4 minutes). Use frosting right away.
In the last 100 years the original Delhi has slipped back in time to give way to the so-called “world-class New Delhi” the power capital of India. Urbanization has made rapid strides but the old charm and allure of this beautiful City is lost forever.
I am SO excited about this room. And I am so glad we decided to take a chance and make it a space we will use!! Hang in there…hopefully it will start looking like something soon. :)
Uncanny X-Force #25:
2 cups red bell pepper strips (about 2 peppers)
First off, my premise for dealing with the world and other human beings is based on two ethical teachings, both being expressed by the Jewish rabbi, Hillel, Z”L, though at least one of them (known in differing forms, by the name of “the Golden Rule”) has been expressed by other spiritual teachers as well.
The doctor’s also said she will most likely set the metal detectors off at the airport.
porcelain
Sheer, turquoise tunic, Nine & Co (thrifted). White, straight-leg jeans, Gap. White cami, New York & Co. Blue sandals, Mossimo. Silver-tone, birdcage earrings, World Market. Paintbrush (in hair).
So…the reward is…taking the hustle and the bustle that this time of year can consume us with…and stopping for a moment each morning…
I make Helen get out of the stroller and search the creases like it's the sofa to try and find one of the quarters we give her almost every time she leaves the house for a trinket and there's not a cent to be found. I even look on the floor in hopes that maybe someone had dropped a coin and not bothered to pick it up.
I say take the negative energy they send, and use it positively by giving God the praises where you stand because you have something the enemy wants inside you or envy. Because you are the child of a King who conquered Satan at His best. I will not embrace negativity with vengeance, belittling or sarcasm, especially when someone is displaying love. It is amazing when you love others and display that love, they return it with bitterness. They are the type of people who smile on the outside, and despise you on the inside. They are not being real. They cater to your misery and pain.
Christians are not called to be undercover agents – going along to get along with the world. God is looking for someone who won’t CONFORM. He is looking for someone who is TRANSFORMED.
According to the Woonsocket Centennial History, 1888-2000, the 1921 dedication was an international event, with a high-profile visit by Marshall Ferdinand Foch, commander of the Allied Forces in Europe during World War I. Foch participated in the dedication of “Place Jolicoeur,” the monumental plaza alongside Fire Station 2.
“This is her year by the way – Cheryl is back! You all gonna love her new music – it’s on it, on the money.”
(3 hour-half day or 6 hour all-day version)
1½ tablespoons sugar to the onions, and continue cooking 5 more minutes.
Now there are some explanations as to the valuations.
Jack and Jill have a young family and have recently purchased a new home. They recognize the need for more life insurance. Jack owns a $25,000 whole life policy that his parents purchased for him as a child. The policy now has $5,229 in cash value. Jack is 34 and in a preferred rate classification. You can show him how to leverage that $5,229 into a policy with $350,000 of death benefit and, by using a 1035 exchange for a 20-year term/UL, there will be no additional premiums!
Mineral oil is not easily absorbed into your skin (it has nothing your skin needs) so it sits on top of your skin. Many experts will say that this is more of a moisturizing effect since it does not let any moisture escape your skin. This may be true, but it also does not let your skin breathe, or absorb any more moisture. I’d find that products with mineral oil (specifically my Shesido eye cream) looked like they were moisturizing on the surface, because it was forming a shiny, oily layer on top of my skin. Underneath it was really drying out my skin, so over time, my fine lines actually got worse! If I only knew!
12 stems rosemary
He was ecstatic to finally have me all to himself.
So a tiny child quoting a stupid song which he heard (probably with the knowledge of his parents) and quoted is somehow conceived as sexual harassment by a teacher at a school who is so terrified of crossing into the dominion of political incorrectness that even an apparent infraction is a big deal.
No matter what happens in this passing moment, at the end of time and history, our God is God and Jesus is Lord, forever and ever.
Cornish mentions two school massacres in America, but not the much worse one committed in Beslan, by jihadis. He omits the commando-level military training these Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists received for a year, the expert planning, and the considerable resources. These were no teenagers who had played Grand Theft Auto too many times.
Then Stephanie talked a bit about playing Grace, The Pirate Queen and how much she loved the story. The creators of Riverdance actually approached Alain and Claude-Michel about creating the musical based on the life of this Irish cheiftan. I never did get to see The Pirate Queen on Broadway, but, naturally, I have the soundtrack (and, British Boyfriend Number Two played Tiernan, so, there's THAT).
I love the style of Stuart’s advertising and the atmosphere it conveys.
(2) The European Stability Mechanism Treaty or the ESM Treaty. This is the document which establishes the new EuroZone bailout mechanism which will have oodles of cash – about €500bn to start with – and which Ireland hopes to be able to access in 2014 if we can’t get the traditional bond markets to lend to us at reasonable rates.
However, my cowardly friends made it clear that they would sooner wrestle in a tag-team match against Godzilla and King Kong than come anywhere near me and my new buddy Cujo.
The Japanese Red Cross has 115 response teams working on the ground now, as they have been since the disaster began, providing first aid and emergency healthcare, as well as distributing relief items. The teams are made up of more than 730 staff, including doctors and nurses.
to be loss
I've got nothing to do,
and stumbles off toward what appears to be a door.
Frederick John Cox, 27, New York, N.Y.
Hairco is a word-cross between hair and gecko.
— it’s against Blizzard’s Terms of Service, so they can ban you from the game or even file suit against you, but it’s not actually illegal. But in China, under communism, things are apparently a little different. Two gold farmers have actually been arrested by the government for “unfair revenue distribution” — apparently the two had a disagreement about how to distribute the over $200,000 they had made from selling gold in World
The other cool thing is what’s been happening with The Pitcher’s Mom. I love this book. Loved it when I wrote it 7 years ago, when Graham was still a ballplayer. But publishers wouldn’t take a chance on it. Said women won’t read a book about sports. I said “maybe that’s because you don’t publish any books about sports from the woman’s perspective.” Deaf ears. With the advent of e-books, this all changed. No longer did I have to wait for a publisher to pay me an advance (as they had with Baptism by Fire) and put the book out for me. I could do it myself. Which I did six weeks ago. Taught myself everything I needed to know in between readings about Constantine and Corinth. I guess you could say God gave me a nudge: hey, baseball season’s coming up, why don’t you get that book out and offer it on Kindle. Let’s see what happens.C’mon, it’ll be good.
Well, that was an experience.
**go check out my sister's blog and show her some love. She's one of my favorite people ever. And she just did a WONDERFUL post on Lent.
14 Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed the city about.
The only advice I can give to artist who experience this to make it better? I have no words of wisdom. I tend to blow up and have a meltdown, work through it, and then go back to art creating. So far I haven't put in an application to a retail giant yet, so I think I'm doing good.
And they never felt the wrath.
The LGE team are happy to be back in the office after the Christmas break!
Feeling of entitlement. That’s just silly, I don’t feel entitled. I am entitled! There’s a big difference!
"...we can begin...by subtly promoting our brands in passing -- as an aside to a bigger discussion or conversation...lightweight, not heavyweight. With the advent of the World Wide Web, there’s so much information out there for us to absorb and so little time to absorb it. As a result, the best way to introduce new products, content or ideas to consumers will be seamlessly, naturally and subtly through word-of-mouth interactions."If I may rewrite that sentence, it ought to read like this...
Did you buying something from Gap recently? I want to know all about it!
The first thing that struck me was that I was losing the social support of other parents. This was were I got to meet Stefanie face to face, and Antonella, it's where we met Romu, Dawn and Derek, Rabba, also Meredith and Chris, and other parents! This is something that is important and can't be replaced with online chats or forums. I brought this up to the manager, and so did another father. The manager had some suggestions about who we could contact to continue in the role of a social parent support group. That part made me feel a bit better - not much, but a bit.
The National Coalition of American Nuns (NCAN), representing up to 1200 U.S. women religious, was founded in 1969 by prominent dissident Sr. Margaret Traxler of the congregation of Notre Dame. NCAN urges respect for the moral autonomy of womenthrough their support of family planning, marriage equality, and an inclusivepriesthood.”
I lay in an NHS hospital bed and cried with the pain and the upset and the anxiety and just the not knowing what the hell was wrong with me.
“Don’t be afraid. Once you’ve overcome your ‘fear of the water’, you’ll find quantum physics’s strange and fascinating ideas much easier than you thought.” Michael Talbot, The Holographic Universe
The point of this surgery is to figure out exactly what can be done in a future more extensive, last chance salvage operation. THAT one will be a big deal with the possibility of broken bones, transplants, and many, many months of rehab. But I’m not going to think about that one right now.
I read it for the first time when I was a tween. I’ve always thought of it as a science fiction novel, which it undoubtedly is, but reading it again now with my horror-impacted imagination…
When we were about to leave this pagoda I saw a group of people with white cloth bands around their heads which I thought was really weird. So, I asked the girl who brought me here “why do they have white things on their head?” She explained to me how they had just left a funeral service at the pagoda and the white bands showed that these people were mourning. I couldn’t believe that I had missed a Buddhist funeral service in Ho Chi Minh City by mere minutes. By time we got to the other side of the pagoda where the people with white headbands were, most of them had left. It kind of sucks that I didn’t get to talk to any of them, and it kind of sucks that the funeral had just finished, but the pagoda was still amazing.
TV host: What do you think, Dr. Malika? Is it forbidden?
Have a good day and I will too!!
The Quick Service Dining Plan offered now is $35 per person per night while the Basic Disney Dining Plan now runs you $46 per person per night. Isn't that kind of sketchy that Disney is now offering a less bulky dining plan at the same cost as they used to offer a very full packed dining plan?
I don’t know where they find these people.
16.) Voting 'Present' is Common In Illinois Senate - NOT EXACTLY, they are
The son of a well-to-do dental surgeon, Miles Davis has never been poor, but money cannot cure the inherent stigma that society has attached to people of dark skin and, faced with prejudices that sometimes are so subtle that only their victims can detect them, he has always sought to fight back on his own. “I am not a Black Panther or nothing like that,” he explains, “I don’t need to be, but I was raised to think like they do and people sometimes think I’m difficult, because I always say what’s on my mind, and they can’t always see what I see.”
GET BACK TO ME WITH THE PAYMENT INFORMATION.
2010.09.07 Iraq Samarra 3 0 A married couple are among three family members slain in their home by Sunni gunmen.
#To the ‘Sukda Schwarzenegger Bombil’…You’ve made me laugh…laugh…and only laugh with your antics and gimmicks. An awesome dancer (just not technically).
anfractuous adj; winding, involved, circuitous. Like a shaggy dog story. Or the convoluted periods of, say, Dr Samuel Johnson.
-Emmie
215 5. On the Meaning or Purpose of Life. Hugh S. Moorhead, ed., The Meaning of Life (Chicago: Chicago Review Press, 1988), p. 18.
Ordered by some hag.
Well hello there everyone!
The westernmost parts of Brooklyn are expecting from 5 - 9 inches of the white stuff. Moving easterly towards Brooklyn Heights, we're looking at anywhere from 6 - 12 inches. Midtown Manhattan could get from 6 - 14 inches.
Last cut occours during Mom & Dad. If someone has a better source please spread it!
and thoughts of you will always send me
Article 153 visibly states that it is the King’s responsibility “to safeguard the special position of the Malays and natives of any of the States of Sabah and Sarawak and the legitimate interests of other communities in accordance with the provisions of this Article”. Sadly, some racial zealots are using this Article as a weapon of aggression just to score some brownie points in politics. This symptom is not boding well for the country. Malaysians in general have never questioned the special position of the Malays and natives of Sabah and Sarawak. The minorities among them only demand that their positions too be acknowledged by the majority race.
“Okay, so Creationists believe that God created the universe and then there are the people who believe that the Big Bang was what set the Universe going (and others too, but they are the main ones).
Five boys total.
The Boers fought against the Dutch colonial power particularly in 1795 / the British colonial power throughout the 19th cent / & the Afrikaner government notably during the 1914 Boer Rebellion.
Rowan follows Claudius to the Roman city of Eboracum. She will stop at nothing to avenge her slain family and the man who had adopted her, even if she must commit murder and unleash a power she secretly fears and cannot control. Death would be preferable than failure, especially if Claudius carries out his plans for Britannia.
To the Mothers of the Dead Militia - Pablo Neruda
Once you've accepted that premise, which took me no time at all, you realise that dog behaviour, which is much like male behaviour minus the thin veneer of sophistication, is more often than not funny. Example: wishing to chase the ducks on the lake but being scared of getting wet, Wilfred confines himself to patrolling the shore shouting "C'mere, I want to tell you something."
As her relationship with Fickle develops into more than just friendship, Immy finds another message board friend, the sweet and lovely Joey, the perfect person to confide in. But can Joey stay out of it when she starts to fall for Immy herself? Things are about to get complicated... -- Expected publication: January 17th 201
At which point Dick said to me, “You know what this is all about, don’t you?”
3) I'm in a Saison mood. I'm also in a Sour mood. I think we're gonna see a funky saison in the near future.
So yeah I need to wait for couple of weeks, and do the pregnancy test, the result is "double line" but the other line is kabur.
Marketing communications problems are something that can generate excuses. You may enhance issues by giving better directions, looking at with regard to knowing and following as much as check on overall performance.
For the life of me I can't tweet and don't want to. I browse Facebook on my phone whilst waiting for the kettle to boil. Therefore, if I want to write about something trivial or post a photo of my dinner I come here. It's solid, it's personal and it's free. There is no viable alternative.
Therefore He Who is the Shepherd of the whole rational creation, left in the heights of heaven His unsinning and supramundane flock, and, moved by love, went after the sheep which had gone astray, even our human nature.
So, this is the rundown on the illnesses and diseases and other symptoms I’ve suffered with, some from childhood, some only in the past couple of years. Either way, my goal is to be free of these chains, as that is what they are. I do not wish to be disabled and dependent and if things don’t change, that is exactly where I would be in a very short time from now. Fortunately, things have already started to change and I’m working hard to keep them on that positive path to real health and healing, and a real life filled with fun with my kids while they are still young. I want to be an example for my kids as they grow older and go off to be adults in their own lives. If we change our habits now, then by the time our kids are out on their own, those habits will already be instilled in them. But I also want to be happy and healthy. We spend far too much of our time on doctors and hospitals and urgent care facilities (as this list doesn’t talk about my husband’s illnesses that keep us chained to conventional medicine) and enough is enough.
By these, crowds, groups of forms vaguely I see on the floor, some in
MASK!!! I know, Right?!? Anyone who knows anything at all about me knows that the only reason the mask is not currently in my possession is because I didn't see it till today, but still... just sayin' :)
disheartening to observe that no
Do you love Pinterest? I totally do.
I can’t wait to go back and take some of my friends who live in the area and to try some of the other dishes we missed like the Short Ribs! Thanks again to Chef Phil and the amazing staff at Vol. 94! They also told me as a part of their prep for their Grand Opening, they are offering deals through Facebook and Yelp when you check in. Score!
I forgive myself for not accepting and allowing myself to see that my so called “human experience” is actually just a series of programs functioning and working together.
One orange line means the tree will be observed
Marketing - most people we talked to at the event were just as confused as we were, as to what would be included with the price of the admission ticket. Based on event communications, we thought for the high price of admission, there would be plenty of food - with the majority of booths offering free samples, and select vendors offering food for purchase. We arrived at around 1:30pm and were extremely disappointed to find that there were only maybe 8-9 vendors that actually offered free food (bite-sized samples of Voskos greek yogurt, Kyocho fried chicken, korean pancake, calamari from Tantalum, La Brea Bakery bread and Kerrygold cheese, cake balls, curry and thai pancake, strawberry buttermilk gelato). Though we shamelessly went several rounds at each of these booths, it was definitely not enough to be filling.
According to Pedro de ParanaguÃ¡ Moniz, Cory Doctorow, Pedro A. D. de Rezende's petition to WIPO entitled "WIPO Manifesto for Transparency, Participation, Balance and Access," the Development Agenda's main observations and issues are
Hint: If you're lusting over your own copy of this cookbook, you *might* want to show up here on Saturday and see what Nancy and I have in store!
They happily followed us,
The key, of course, is to identify such businesses and make sure that you have the cash ready to buy into their shares when they are unfairly sold down during stock market turmoil, which now occurs with distressing regularity.
Toasted Pecans
choked a juke bird with froth glass ferns
As the hours passed, it became obvious that the speculation that The Action would start at the International Dateline, at 6 PM there, was in error. But all this did was cause a quick re-grouping of thought, and an insistence that Harold had never actually said that the 6 PM time there was “guaranteed.” It was speculation. Other speculation had suggested all along that MAYBE it would start at 6 PM Jerusalem time, or even midnight at the end of May 21 Jerusalem time. Which would be much later in New Zealand than 6 PM local time.
Anyhow, my home is in disarray. And I anticipate more, since a contractor will have to come in, once things are completely dry (maybe by tomorrow), and fix the drywall, baseboards, insulation and carpeting. I can't imagine the chaos during re-carpeting. I might have to disappear for a few days with the kids.
At this point the debt collector told me I 'had to' go to the police as this 'must be' fraud. Well, I could just imagine the reaction of the police officer who, in between calls to car accidents and incidents of domestic violence, has to listen to me complain about a phone bill. I really didn't think that was appropriate. Another call to Optus. They used all Mr CJ's details to do a full search and could not find any record of an account in his name. Well, I asked them, why are the debt collectors hassling us? Oh, I don't know. I'm sorry, I can't help you. That was the last phone call with Optus.
Innocent: Judge Susan Hawk apologized to James Curtis Williams and Raymond Jackson and declared them formally innocent of aggravated sexual assault
This nagging urge to do something is what the early bloggers and tweeters felt, as they helped launch the Egyptian call for democratic reform. And it’s the reason so many people all over the planet look at what is happening with such hope. Yet, we all worry at the same time. What if the extremists on both sides take over and hijack the effort and return the country to dictatorship? What if the larger world powers don’t support the effort enough?
It is the young Boers who will lead the Volk forward. The ones who carry new flags up mountains, who live their history, learn the songs and sing them spontaneously on former battlefields. They are too young to be burdened by the guilt of apartheid. They embrace riding in commandoes and the Internet. They live the old traditions and adapt new ones. They can imagine a Boer future and are willing to fight for it.
How do you pay Laterally Hired Partners?
Strange man arrives (sort of) unexpectedly, cue a meltdown and D very agitated. Fortunately he wasn’t here long.
11:10: Ables explains the intricate network of worldwide NGOs which communicate with each other and unite using globally sites such as IGC. She also describes the unaccountability of the EU via their EU-wide treaties.
I don’t disbelieve it. Let us leave it at that.
This is what I kept thinking today. I also kept thinking that I am grateful for the good days, because they make the bad days a little more bearable.
From the beginning the movie moguls employed camera and lighting techniques to enhance the beauty of their stars.
Here are the slots (teams with a user name and ?? next to them were spoken for with my original announcement. I'll give those people priority, but any slots that aren't paid for by 6:00 PM on Friday, November 12 will be opened up for claiming. To claim a slot (or more than one), please send PayPal "gift" to fanofreds.auctions A T gmail D o T com. With your payment, please include your user name, address, and team(s) claimed...that will speed up the shipping process later on, thanks!
If this was priced at $9.99---actually no, not even at that. $5.99 is what I would pay for this. And one of the chief reasons is even if the Nook screen is lovely, the images will be small. I know the photography must be great so thank you very much, I'd like to be able to see it and enjoy it.
Saint-Paulin
when i first began blogging, i kept reading that you should find your niche.
a) The more you stretch the dough it comes out thin and crispy but if you prefer it a bit soft leave it a little thicker.
So maybe this is what my hero looks like (as most of my heroes are women)?
I had some people ask how to make pasta at home.
The trick to getting this cake right is the whisking of the egg whites and folding of the mixture. You need a nice stif fluffy base of egg white for which to add your other ingredients or the cake will end up too dense and a bit flat.
Albert Ayler: The searing and searching saxophone of Albert Ayler (1936-70) explored the roots of jazz as much as its outer reaches. John Coltrane brought Ayler to the Impulse label, where he recorded a dizzying display of his iconoclastic lore, including these two scorchers, Love Cry and The Last Album.
With either pessimism or with a clear view of reality, he told the other disciples, “Let’s also go with Him, that we may die with Him.” Thomas looked at all the options and expected the worst, he could die along with Jesus. But he was still willing to go with Jesus. He may have been a pessimist, but a courageous one.
Kunzru points out that we seem to have accepted the principle that it should be illegal to think, read and write certain things. Incitement to violence is rightly criminalised, but what about imagining violence? It's hard not to link Malik's poems to other trends - the push for ever-widening hate speech laws, the calls for writers like Monica Ali to be "careful" about how they represent the world. We are being taught to be circumspect. How long before it's suggested we should shut up altogether?In fact my records look pretty weedy besides Kunzru's: I downloaded instructions on how to make a bomb when I was researching the IRA for my latest, unpublished novel. I have to say though that even as I downloaded them, a couple of years ago now, I had a sense of doing something incriminating - mainly perhaps because the novel is very much about such matters (persecution and the need to hide 'incriminating' evidence) , but also because I feel this atmosphere of intellectual repression has been building for some time. And I can't even prove my purpose: I never actually used the instructions for the novel in the end.
So what can you do? Switch to stainless steel cups. My kids, aged 6 years and almost 2 years, use the cups and absolutely love them. They have been dropped plenty of times and survived. But if you do use plastic cups make sure they are BPA-free.
Three groups under the names of "No Silence," "Baghdad Is Not Kandahar" and "Blue Revolution" are organising the event.
really are,
Happy happy birthday Brittney babe. We sure love you!!! ♥
Yesterday I found myself feeling all sorts of frustration as I strolled around the local mall. I bought myself a small notepad to start jotting down thoughts on-the-go again since I had stopped doing that for a few months. It helps to have a notebook with me, at least to let my mind throw out all the pent-up thoughts. It may not make sense, but it helps to relieve the thoughts stuffed inside my head.
Tom took this photo of me at the farm on the weekend. I popped out at about 8 weeks this time around.. I guess everything is pretty stretchy by now!
I did not make the glaze. I let it cool for 10 minutes before removing from pan.
Gerda was so generous is donating a few images for our design team to work with this month. Please check back here every Monday this month for even more inspiration from our amazing Design Team using images from Stamp Fairy.
“Due to discounts that we are able to obtain, we like to pass these on to you.
Bootable : No
Thanks, and GOOD LUCK! And come back tomorrow to see what book I’ll be giving away then too!
I don't know if it's still there
Viral V. Acharya, Matthew Richardson, Stijn Van Nieuwerburgh, and Lawrence J. White, Guaranteed to Fail: Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Debacle of Mortgage Finance (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2011).
The Age Management Institute and Nina Cucina will be your partners to optimize your health!’
If true, this finding would be consistent with Liberton et al. (2009) who found that European face shape has differentiated from West African face shape through a selective force that has acted primarily on women. Both findings, in turn, would support my argument that many of the differences we see among human populations are not due to differences in natural selection, and hence differing natural environments. Instead, the cause lies in differing intensities of sexual selection, and whether this selection has primarily targeted men or women (Frost, 2008).
tolling
For centerpieces, I made these cute little Easter trees! I got those teal pails from the Target dollar bin. You will see those again this summer! And the eggs and Easter grass there too. Then I just cut dogwood branches from our yard. They are held in place in the buckets with rocks and I put a little water in there too.
We decided to purchase some new bookcases and a "sofa table" for our living room, which, of course, requires emptying the old ones and whatnot. Dh has given up waiting for the fish to die of old age, so they were given away yesterday, but the tank is still not emptied--dh spent most of yesterday afternoon and into the evening putting together the new furniture. There are still about 10 snails in the tank and I hope to be able to rescue them and add them to the almost 30 rescued yesterday from the decorations, and I'm not sure how many snails the mom who took the fish took. We had a lot of snails. Just little guys, but still.
Grandma filled in the questions a little bit at a time. When she passed away, this book became one of my most treasured possessions.
Working in cryptography has a huge variety of working schedules, due to the wide range of possible career paths. A job for an internet security consulting firm might have standard hours while a jobs in an in-house enterprise or a government agency/ bank can run into emergencies at any hour in the night to protect sensitive information.
Two years were enough for me to be embroiled in this fascinating womans world,she showed me lots,but in the end it began to take on a dark path of tis own , and I then knew it was not the path for me..it showed me lots of dark truths and promised me power of epic proportions. It was at that point I saw also the truth was interlaced with a twisted darkness and from that moment on I had to get out…I have not seen Susan since.
Daily Designer Fact: coral toenail paint & white sandals, pink sparkly fingernail paint
Both Moe and Maharaj were prime drivers of Operation Vula, a clandestine ANC operation which sought to deliver classified information as well as smuggle weapons into the country in the run-up to the country's first democratic elections in 1994.
Come on Ableton, Sort it out!
Rabbit Heart is a unique, dark romance novel. Nicollette’s lovers die while having sex with her; leaving only a smile on their faces and no battle scars. She unintentionally kills many lovers and is heartbroken by each occurrence. Nicollette is then forced to flee her beloved home and finds herself trapped in the same situation to kill, yet, another lover. A malady our poor lady suffers dearly for.
I sometimes give thought to this. I accomplish everything I set out for. I blaze through everything and arrive at the end, saving the world and with all the lessons learnt. What I would do then?
Well, we are still frying down here in south Texas! I tried to take the boys out to the park for a little while yesterday afternoon, but we only stayed about 20 minutes before retreating back to air conditioned spaces. I should have taken it as a sign when we were they only ones there! I think today we may try the library instead, at least that way we can escape our heat induced house arrest for longer than 20 minutes.
She expressed both her pride and pain over the 40-year-old crisis center. It has been an invaluable resource in the Tampa community, but Ho-Pehling, like many others, wishes the need wasn’t there. She talked about the many focal points of the Crisis Center:
Beautiful Madelinetosh Prairie superwash merino laceweight in the Fragrant colorway. This will become a lace scarf that I'll submit somewhere. Or sell in my Ravelry shop. Oddly, this colorway is not listed on her site but is available elsewhere. I guess they need to update the website.
I was the first to move. I simply ran, I heard my father call after me but I didn't turn around I carried on running dodging around d the birds lying in my path. All of a sudden there was a sound, not quite a rumble, not quite a growl. Then I screamed that scream I had bottled up. All manner of living creatures came scuttling, running, crawling, running and slithering up behind me the townspeople had not screamed, but simply parted like the red sea in awe to let the creatures past. They were all heading for the gates and so was I. in the crowd of animals there were mice, rats, snakes, worms, lizards, cats, insects, and so many others. Then I turned to face them and the animals rushed past, in a stampede of fear, but I stood my ground the ground shuddered violently and in front of me the road buckled and I fell over as the earth itself tried to regain control of itself. Then my head snapped upward. And the sight was incredible. The mountain was swelling at the peak. The animals continued to flash past me but I could only hear my own heart in my ears. Then the summit exploded, sending boulders flying into the air and tumbling down onto nearby houses, the mountain started to bleed molten rock and I suddenly Knew the end was hear, with that my heart tried to beat out a life time's worth of beats in one minute, then one last rock came falling down towards me, I didn't try to move I just let it's shadow grow bigger around me and closed my eyes, what happened was right it was meant to be. It is destiny.
Do you believe the death sentence should be reinstated?
Upon hearing about her, I thought, Wow, I wish there was something like that around here for Aiden. It took me time to realize that I could make it available for Aiden, and other children like him.
It wasn't all doom and gloom though, as some days the shadows applied perfectly, without any sheerness or chunking up. The above look with Sailor Moon on the lid and Sailors Mars and Venus in the crease was my favourite look that I created with the products - it was just one of those days where everything worked, and my makeup didn't try to fight my face for once. I also really liked the look below that I did with Millennium Falcon on the lid over a silver gel liner, with no chunking to be seen!
The previous two mornings it was 61 degrees when I got up. I can live with those kind of early morning temps. Not only were the temperatures great, but we received early morning showers; yesterday morning’s being with thunderstorms; loud and windy with lightening and thunder.
Chuck Taylor is unlike any other YA character i've ever read. He's cynical and real and I felt like I was really inside a teenage boys head the whole time I read it especially certain parts (aka the first line of the book). Theres simply not enough YA books with a male main character, either that or I'm just not reading them.
Planned Parenthood does far more that provide abortions. Far more. Far, far more. In fact abortion services are just a tiny fraction of what they do. But after listenting to this girl and looking at her website, it's clear that's what her motiviation is all about. As far as the sec education materials that GSUSA has available, the thing to remember is that are not required. They're available for troops who decided to use them, they are geared towards older girls and they are NOT required for any badges, awards or other recognition. In other words, if this girl and her troop find them so reprehensible, they don't have to use them. However, other troops might not have the same outlook. They should be able to use them.
We do good deeds not to get saved; we do them because we are saved. It is difficult (is it not?) to be rescued from slavery to sin and a self-centered existence and depression and despair and fear and panic without feeling an overflow of gratitude and a desire to express that love to Jesus. If someone pulled you out of a river while you were drowning, would you not feel thankful toward that person? It is the same scenario here. We do good deeds because we are overflowing with thankfulness and we want everyone who is drowning to be rescued out of the river.
My name is Aulus Cornelius and on the day before the last flames of the dying republic flickered back into life again, I was sitting in my small, but pleasing garden, watching the light from the brazier quiver and then disappear. I felt my eyes begin to grow sleepy and then gradually close, the papers I had been reading earlier lying forgotten and forlorn on the dewy grass...
The first mention of the star was in Amos 5:26 regarding the trek from Egypt to Canaan. Then in 922 B.C., when Solomon married the daughter of Pharoah and went into magic and witchcraft and built an altar to Ashtoroth and Moloch. The book traces the six pointed star from Egypt to Solomon, to Arab Magic and Witchcraft, to Druid use(references are documented). The book traces the star through Freemasonry usage to Mayer Amschel Bauer, who, in the 17th century, changed his name to depict the red six-pointed star (or shield) which he had hung on his door in Germany, and thus began the family of “Red Shield” or Rothschild. The research carried on through this family, to their court of arms, to Cabala, to Astrology, to Hitler and his putting a yellow six-pointed star on all Jews during the holocaust, to the Zionist symbol, and finally to the flag of the State of Israel and beyond.
Which brings me to the latest addition to the family, a very naughty, hyperactive but extremely cute new member of the clan. Doesn't listen to anything I say, has a habit of chasing joggers round the park and steals shoes, newspapers and any food within reach.............what have we done??
- After marriage compare husband with Father.
One evening, we were chatting about whether we thought we'd cry during our wedding ceremony, and Alex admitted that he hadn't cried since he was ten years old. "Guys are taught to hold in tears," he explained. "As a little kid, you don't want to be labeled a cry baby by your friends. I quickly learned to be stoic." And that lesson stuck: He hasn't shed a single tear since then, even when his father died.
A word about the show: "The exhibition features 51 of the best contemporary craft artists in Texas who work in clay, fiber, glass, metal, wood and in found/recycled materials.
/rant
Our hearts are strong for all of you, and all the many peoples who are seeking the right to live with choices and their own voice.
I try to pick out dresses for Lilyanna that are something more than "just a pretty dress". I don't like clothes just for the sake of clothes. Instead I try to pick things for her that reflect her personality. (And by not picking pink or princess, I reflect a little bit of mine as well.) I loved her non-pastel-non-meringue dress for Easter this year. She wore a navy blue dress with red cherries. The red patent leather shoes were totally her, and she felt happy and comfortable in her dress all day.
I’m hoping Two Hoots and a Holler are playing next time I’m in Austin.
We attempted a count of the number of statutes, codes, rules and
The view at the top is 360 degrees of marvel.
Q. Where are you going now?
And we’re having fun. With no money.
There is zero proof that giving kids the message that playing is a punishment for being fat, or that they have to play hard or they will die, will lead to healthier kids, thinner kids, or help develop a lifelong love of movement in kids – not a shred of evidence.
Imagine a young man who believes most people just want to be left alone. Let’s call him Paul (not a real person). Paul’s belief dictates the terms by which he interacts socially. He has a few friends, and he’s fine socializing with people he already knows, but he has a hard time making new friends. He’s unlikely to take the initiative because it’s too big a risk with a high probability of rejection. Paul doesn’t want to annoy people who want to be left alone, so he mostly keeps to himself. His social circle remains small and stagnant, and most of his social connections come from his work. Paul has virtually no relationship prospects because he considers women to be unapproachable except under extremely rare circumstances. If he sees a woman he’d like to date, he remains silent and aloof. Paul feels that to ask her out would be a social faux pas because after all, she just wants to be left alone.
Dig in, my lovely foodies!
If you've been wondering why I've been on radio silence with respect to your comments recently, it's only because we spent the past 10 days in Turkey, a kind of last hurrah for our international adventure. I managed to post plenty in advance of our departure but thankfully was disconnected from the computer for the duration of our trip.
William Castle’s Vincent Price, or Roger Corman’s Vincent Price, or 1970s-“Phibes” era UK-based Vincent Price?
And old love - Schumann Dresden. Did you know that there are several lines in the Dresden line? The older version does not have the scalloped rim, rather it's straight. And then there is one with a reticulated edge, one with swags and one with wreaths. They all mix well. They all make me smile. Below is a history of the Schumann Porzellan Fabrik, taken from HERE.
educated in techniques that support achieving and
They self-released the "Rather See You Dead (Than With Wool On Your Head)" single on their own Disease Unlimited Records in a reputed edition of somewhere between 500-1,000 copies. The cover of the record shows a picture of Jerry's grandfather in a casket. It gave Jerry the idea to stage his own funeral as a promotional ploy. So he started calling around to all the big funeral homes to try and rustle up a casket, explaining to them it was to promote a record. Unsurprisingly, he was turned down time and again. But when he promised Sunnyside Funeral Home he'd get their name on the radio, they anxiously took the bait.
Steve and Carl are both really good guys who hang out at one of the same Knoxville-related online spots I hang out in a bunch, and I found both of these gestures just very touching, kind, and thoughtful. Steve’s article is a really good read, as is Carl’s song a good listen. Have a box of Kleenex handy.
These past few weeks, I’ve been helping mom taking care of the two kids. So I had to transfer my PC downstairs so I can work and look after them at the same time. Me and mom switching turns.
I wanted a striped pattern umbrella for our deck for a couple of years now. Last year we bought a cheap white umbrella that looked pretty good except it didn't survive a wind gust late in the season.
...do you think he checked me out first?
She is such a great Blogger. She loves to craft and post aboutit. She also loves to show off the swaps she is in. So I invite you on over to check her blog out and get to know her a little better.
A voice cries loud as she sings her word.
Hugs to all!!
Sunday, October 31
This irresponsibility on my part lends itself to a hectic 3-5 minutes the next morning where my family has to hear me repeatedly say, "Has anyone seen my watch?"
Attendance was surprisingly low. He signed his full name with a "HOF 2011" inscription, reflecting his introduction to the NBA Hall of Fame last year.
My kiddos are not weird, at least, I do not think they are. They are certainly not mal-adjusted. We do not school in our PJs. We have a set schedule and stick to it. I am certainly not a control freak. There is no militia here (even if my boys are obsessed with guns and hunting). And, my kiddos are social butterflies. They love to be around and interact with others. The misbehave...the whine...they fuss with one another...they are incredibly smart...they amaze me...they make me crazy...they make me happy...They are typical children. Everything about them is typical. Everything about them is extraordinary. They are mine and I might be a little biased and that is alright, because they are mine. I love them without end. Amen.
In Fiji, we have heard American pop music and passed KFCs. The cool thing, to me, is that even with the influence of the West, Fijians maintain a strong connection to traditional Fijian life. Many Fijians, if not most, are born into villages and grow up in a small, cooperative way of life. The traditions that have governed in Fiji for generations are still evident today, even to a casual two week visitor like me.
I have a confession to make. It was Fall 2008 and I couldn’t run to the corner of my street without getting winded. I was in my 30s, the mother of two, with a successful career. I wasn’t particularly out of shape. I have been in good health most of my life. But I couldn’t run to the corner. And that bugged me.
“I believe you…”
life has taught her by degrees,
The Mousse
Seagulls - a family of seagulls live on our roof and I've seen them at least once everyday since we moved in, like 18 months ago, I'll really miss them when I move
3- I would love you to follow my blog
This week's challenge is set by the lovely TAMARA who will also be choosing the SPOTLIGHT CARD OF THE WEEK. This will be her last week with us as she is moving on to pastures new.
19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light.
Whorton MD. Adverse reproductive outcomes: The occupational health issue of the 1980s. Am J Public Health 1983; 73: 15-16.
Whilst this bubblegum ditty might not make you realise, the Prescot-born and eventually Rome-based Stott actually had a very credible history in sixties groups which are incredibly sought-after by collectors now. Serving time in Four Just Men and the legendary Wimple Winch, he has earned his stripes as a soldier in the great Freakbeat wars - and the B-side here "Henry James" is a firm reminder of those roots. Riddled with psychedelic effects, screeching car tyres, and a pounding, nagging beat, it's a far cry from the pure pop of "Chirpy" (which incidentally I've always had a soft spot for).
So, I'm off to make some yummy lemon prawn pasta for dinner so until next time, Happy Easter.
And crumbling ‘til it’s gone
Several family members worked for the railways during Victorian and Edwardian times, but they appear to have left little in the way of ephemeral evidence of such employment. I'm concentrating, therefore, on the "model railway" aspect of Alan's photo prompt with an example from my collection of purchased photographs.
and the world twists bitterness sometimes,
Also, I should change up my plates a bit.
I thought that Diddy had given up rapping. And we were all happy about that. But this piece actually had an adequate degree of energy to it. B
We are sponsoring Bryson's uncle who is on parole. Ironically he used to be our drug dealer and literal partner in crime. When we got arrested and started working our way back out of the hell hole we created, he continued on the wrong path and wasn't so lucky to get probation. He got out over a year ago but still hadn't learned and went right back to selling dope and violated parole in the halfway house. This time he has made it through a more intensive inmate rehabilitation program than he had to. He finished his time in the halfway house and now he needs somewhere to live. The sad reality and irony is that there are no other family members that are clean and can promise to provide a home free from weapons and drugs, but we can.
I ended up in Mr. Ugly's lane but thought, hell, maybe he'll be nicer since I have an adorable baby with me. Unfortunately, he didn't seem to remember me at all, (after all the times of harrassing me) And started in on the questions. He moved from the normal questions, into the sticky ones and right on over to the ugly ones. His final statement to me was "Huh, well.....he's better off over there (Mexico) then anyways."
In case any of you would love to try this out, it's quite simple: make a box lid- mine is 5.5 inches square and just glue it to a thick base cardstock (mine is 7 per 7 inches). You can embellish the edges however you like. Just a tip: next time I would use paper lace - it's easier to adhere it and make a frame round the window:)
I’ve been fighting to forgive myself for how much I gave and how much I held back. How hopeful I could be. How mean I could be. For the times I was cold when I should have been warm and warm when I should have been cold. I cannot justify any of it other than to say, along with Ray Porter in “Shopgirl,” that well…this is life. To remember, as Jack Gilbert reminds us, “that Icarus also flew.” And to believe that he was not failing as he was falling “but just coming to the end of his triumph.” So we came to the end of ours with singed wings.
Heading for the Hills
Me: Hey! We don't know that!
214-368-1203
Beat butter on low speed.
“That was scare-wee.” This said after falling off the bed. Again.
It's only five minutes in and I'm already simultaneously bored out of my skull and preoccupied with violence. Hmm, not the best mindset for a healthcare job. Clearly I need to be fired immediately. Hee.
Yhdessä kertapakkauksessa oli ainakin mulle enemmän kuin riittävästi koko vartalolle (^-^)
Kim Gary Restaurant @ AEON Station 18
It's raining cats and dogs right now and I am glad to have a dry, and comfortable place to drink coffee and talk with you about making cards! There are several challenges I hope to enter this week and one I look forward to every Monday is MIM from Nichole Heady's blog. Check it out HERE. The January release preview is under way, so after you see some fabulous new products, scroll down to the video tutorial by Dawn McVey.
with bad wine & an accordian player.
She is President of Power Living Enterprises, Inc., a business & lifestyle consulting company which helps individuals, businesses and communities make purposeful choices that create long-term sustainability. She is also the Founder of Ta Yoga, which operates one of the first yoga studios in Harlem, and Chair of the Board of Yoga Alliance – the internationally-recognized non-profit organization that sets standards for yoga teaching in the United States. A leading expert on Health and Productivity Management, she was named National Ambassador for the American Heart Association in 2008 representing them in the media with a focus on their “Search Your Heart” campaign.
Parents who believe that children are fully people, and treat them accordingly, looks like progress. Parents letting kids choose what to eat for dinner looks like progress.
For more information about the Prostate Cancer Support Group, please call UW Cancer Center Riverview at 715-421-7442.
the darling image is one of the new ones from the "sweet crazy love collection" as is the one i used on the inside of my card. The sentiment was a locally bought one that was kindly donated to me by my friend on the end of the continent in Cape Town, thanks Shazi.
Everyone who was invited to the birth had already been sent a ticket, and that allowed them to know who was supposed to be there and who was not supposed to be there; and so I stood in front of the double doors that led to the birthing room, and each time someone came into the waiting room I would ask to see their ticket.
Will we be debating if taxpayers should pay for new sneakers for all students that are interested in running to keep fit? This is, in very typical rush style, a lie by illusion. Why mention taxpayers paying for anything since this issue had nothing to do with taxpayer services? He does this to muddy the water create the impression that those supporting this issue are looking for some sort of government handout. Not true, but a typical Rush lie.
I asked him how his flight out had been. I had a momentary premonition he was going to say that he drove, but he said, “I had to ride near the front of the train. It’s the only way to stop the nightmares, you know.”
to a Seattle-birthed song
Well I haven't! But I'm still questing for it!
TANDEM JUMPS OR COUPLED
So there was the rub. Amazon turned from plain distributor to book publisher as well, and said to its public "You choose". Barnes and Noble developed with less vision and scared for whatever reasons of loosing the "backbone" of the traditional publishing houses, did not cater to the newly formed market of Indie. They made it somewhat difficult to publish, and they also applied some incredibly arcane structures to their rules. True, if you go through Smashwords, you beat those rules both for B&N and for Ipad. Indeed Apple, on its page, almost asks you to go to one of its official partners and do them a favor by not going through their specific process.
I blush
This is how we begin to change life for the better, and make better choices.
Bearer of the ultimate suck-on-it trump card at class reunions.
*Contact the organiser of an event where my audience that was 3 sessions for Early Years & Reception classes is now 4 sessions for 60 babies and toddlers and parents and carers.
10 pieces of sandwich bread (remove the sides and cut into 4)
Moyo said he could not hear Erasmus at the time, but his co-accused, Thabane Sibanda, shouted in their language that Erasmus had just told them he would kill him.
I’ll tell you, I’ve lugged my Nikon D90 SLR camera to many events and loved the results I get, but the weight of that camera and lenses often makes me wish that someone else would carry it for me. That’s why probably 75% of the time, I take my FujiFilm FinePix, 10 Megapixel pocket camera. Even if I carry my Nikon, I almost always have my FujiFilm camera anyway. I’ve had 2 of these in the past 10 years. It takes fabulous pictures, has great skin tones, and also takes wonderful videos. It’s inconspicuous and very easy to take candids, close range flash photos, and has an adequate zoom lens built in. I’ve gone for 3 days without having to recharge the battery with moderate shooting – that is, 300 – 400 pictures for me.
- 1 pkg extra firm tofu, pressed for 20 mins
I've been thinking about this a lot since that conversation with my mother, and the mere idea fills me with such joy, that I think I'd like to do it sooner than in my old age. In fact, much sooner. I don't know when --I think I just have to let life happen and see when it would be a good time to do this.
Where the mummied mammoths are.
I've had this beer for at least a year and a half, which has to be past its date. I'm betting it's big enough to age well though.
A great way to do this is to simply ask your customers if they would like to be involved in a special “Dealership Charity contribution” contest! This contest will have 3 prizes. First, second and third place winners will receive ($X)…..
Gram left me this legacy of being a courageous woman, and I very much want to be like her. I feel like the past few days have been my very ungraceful initiation into that role. I see more and more how that courage comes from God, because I sure didn't feel it on my own. I just keep whispering these quick prayers, asking God to give me what I need to face it all. I was leaving the pharmacy this morning and when I turned the car on, 'Courageous' by Casting Crowns was playing. I cried, because it felt so affirming. He gives me strength, again and again. We were made to be courageous - I have that line from the song in my head, and I think it over and over.
Now that we have gone through one sampler, some convo about real estate, and I feel like another 5 beers. Maybe not something so local. BROOKLYN STAND THE F8CK UP!!!
After the family, there are the mutual friends to consider. Even if you meet these people as someone’s partner, in time, hopefully, you would have built a friendship on your own merit. At some point, one partner or another moves on and the new partner is introduced to the friends. If it was a clean and peaceful breakup where the couple had become friends, this scenario would not be much of a problem. The problem arises when there is a scenario like the one between my parents, and of course it depends on what the other person is like. What if the new person who started seeing your ex before you ended was marking his or her territory all over social media pages of mutual friends? What do you do then? Are you meant to delete the mutual friends that you have?
So I guess what I learned this morning was that criticism pops up everywhere in life, and that learning how to use it is valuable whether you own a restaurant or write a book. Or maybe I already knew this. But until today, I had never so clearly seen the parallel. We writers aren't so unique in our struggles after all! Which is kind of a nice thought.
During the prom, Tiffany and I attempted to be cordial, but it became obvious that neither of us had an interest in each other. We didn’t talk during dinner, we didn’t want to dance as the band played, and we didn’t smile as our pictures were taken. Most of the evening, we sat in silence and stared dreamily at the students whom we really liked. Through that ordeal, I learned that love cannot exist unless both parties freely choose to be together.
Everyone who takes part in my Blogfest (actually posts a story) will receive two points if your a follower and one point if not. If you put a blurb about it in your sidebar, you’ll receive another point. If you tweet about it (make sure to use @dl_h) you’ll receive another point for each separate day you tweet (up to a maximum of five tweets), and if you a post a blog entry exclusively about the High Drama Blogfest/Giveaway…you’ll receive a whopping five points. That’s a grand total of 13 possible points to place into the virtual hat. On August 8th I’ll draw six numbers (three from Group A, and three from Group B) using a random number generator. If you forget to post your entry on August 7th, all points are forfeited.
While I’m not going to re-write it now, I think the situation reveals a serious racial cleavage that we still have in this country. While the civil rights movement was transformative for this country, the so-called end of the civil rights movement fell short of anything resembling equality or the onset of some post-racial society. The civil rights movement opened the eyes of many people in this country, and did a lot to push forward equality for African-Americans and other minorities in this country; however, the mountaintop has not been reached. We do not live in a post-racial, equal society. We live in a society where civil rights have stagnated. And it’s this stagnation that further exacerbates the problems of racism, stereotyping, and profiling in this country; because people – mostly white people – feel that because the civil rights movement is “over”, then everything is peachy-keen. We’re done. We live in a country where racism, sexism, classism, sexual orientationism, and every other –ism are dead. BULLSHIT.
Paper: early espresso, tangerine tango, whisper white (used prisma marker to create cream), confetti cream
Place the soufflé dish in a baking dish, and add enough hot water to come about 1/2″ up the side of the soufflé dish. Bake until the soufflé has risen just over the rim and is lightly browned, but is still jiggly in the center, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with confectioner’s sugar and orange zest. Serve promptly.
3.Skip James - Hard Time Killin' Floor Blues
But how much
11.in your dreams
With the backdrop of the stunning Lake District, Kendal Calling expects to see everyone from the Pied Piper to Wolverine, Little Red Riding Hood to Catwoman, the Gingerbread to Tin Tin all partying together and this years theme will make the event even more of a surreal wonderland of fun and frolics than ever before.
Heart of a Rayt by Rocket from the Crypt
But I've noticed something.
This is my first blog post I've done on this fabulous MacBook, and I'm obviously doing it from my sofa while watching the show White Collar (first time watching that!). There's just nothing bad I can say about this laptop. It's divine.
as if what you need is saturated
21 d
The next night was the wedding. Ex BF Jered was there, which I knew he would be, but I was determined not to say a word to him. As we walked up, he stopped and said hello, and I just mumbled hi as I walked by. I just did not want to have anything at all to do with him, so he couldn't go back and tell his skank girlfriend I was talking to him so she'd text me.
Thus the two of us ended up standing in front of the mirror set into the Victorian hall stand, both lifting our fringes and grinning into the mirror trying to see where our wrinkles were and comparing them! What a lark! We were laughing so hard we probably developed more wrinkles just by doing so.
9. Heaven
2) Comment regularly on the challenge participant's projects
In the video, we see Rayman and friends once again battling it out on a 2D plane in a 3D environment. One thing I noticed is that the foreground and background interaction is much improved over Origins shown by a large dragon sweeping over the level from the front to the back of the screen. Graphically, things look even better while still retaining that unique look that Origins had. Rayman Legend’s rendering looks much improved, and there’s now an online component, which was my only real big complaint from Origins. The game shines in multiplayer so I’m glad we’re able to now go online as well. Oh, plus there looks like a way to scan in characters similar to what Activision has done with Spyro lately. In the trailer you’ll see a Rabbid get scanned in, an extra heart and they even hint at other characters like Ezio from Assassin’s Creed. Not sure if this will be a universal feature, a WiiU only feature, or just something Ubisoft would love to implement.
-Ok I have new locations up for my Copic Classes! I will be in Texas this weekend, then headed to Florida (Bonita Springs & Port St. Lucie) to teach next weekend. Also upcoming are W.Virginia, San Jose CA, Baltimore MD –registration is up for all of these at www.cmcroad.com. If you live in Montreal Canada (in May) or Guelph Ontario (in Nov) I have upcoming dates for both so stay tuned for registrations.
I remember coming back from lunch recess all hot and sweaty. Miss Kraus read Johnny Tremain to us as we laid our heads on our desk. It was a little cooler in the basement classrooms.
Why am I having such a hard time finding the time, energy and motivation to write anything these days? I wrote my first rough draft while raising 5 kids and working two jobs. I am still raising those 5 kids but only working a part-time job now. So, why is it that I can't fit in a few hours a week to write? Fighting with health issues and keeping up with the kids and such is only part of it. I need to get excited about a story again. I have several ideas jotted down, partially outlined, and even started but I can't seem to get in to any of them.
what your grace really means
And the Spanish playmaker insists Monday’s 1-0 win at the Etihad Stadium was a significant landmark.
“A National Council, through which a national consensus could express itself under presidential guidance.”
And in some ways that's fine, but in others it just shouldn't be called something it's not. You can't brew a pale and call it a pilsner (I'm looking at you, Prima Pils) any more than you can brew a damn near impy stout and call it a brown. I'm all for bending the rules, but you shouldn't just break them. Some people may call that "creative," or even "on the edge," but the truth is that this is a stout. No ifs ands or buts. It's not "difficult to define" any more than Arrogant Bastard makes beer that I'm "just not ready for." It's a stout.
And those are just some of the buildings that we saw the first afternoon we were in town! Amazing! We were literally driving all around and I just kept jumping out of the truck to take this picture and that picture until it became too dark for good photos!
Fresh lychee fruits are available in the markets from June to October. The Fruit must be allowed to ripen fully on the tree itself since the ripening process stops soon after harvested. Overly maturity makes them turn dark-brown in appearance and lose their luster and flavor. While harvesting, snip off entire fruit brunch, keeping a short piece of the stem attached.
This is one of several 2011 cards featuring Chase Utley at Fenway. For a look at more Chase at Fenway check out this posting over at the Phillies Room.
While all those bailed-out bankers profit from their greedy games
Galaxy Entertainment Group:
Paul and I had a lovely day yesterday, although Paul especially.
Anyway, I arrived in Leeds, got on the train to Skipton, populated by it's usual mix of housewives right out of the 70s and weird, chavvy results-of-incest people, and off I stepped, in Skipton, into Gran's car, and away we go, to the fair land of Barnoldswick. Let me tell you something about this area: you should go. Okay, sure, you're bound to get bored, if you stay up in those parts for anything more than, oh, say, a day. But the countryside is truly beautiful. Dark, gentle, wet, OLD. I love it. And I love staying at my gran's. The thing with me and my gran is, we haven't had a particularly smooth relationship in the past. Memories of her chasing me round the house with a broom, calling me the devil child, and I laughing in her face and screeching "you can't catch me though, can you?!" But with time, people mellow, and people become more accepting of each other. She has relaxed a lot these past years, and I'm also not a cheeky, difficult 8 year-old anymore (right?). The thing with Gran is, she's very political, and a feminist. In fact, she said to me in the car, on our way to one of those never-ending shopping trips, "Do you know, I think I would have been very happy to live without a man. Very happy indeed. In fact, if I were of your generation, I don't see that I would have married at all". Fair play Gran! I spent two days there, watching programmes like 'Village SOS', and 'Totnes: discovering life in our towns', eating comfort food, and just enjoying being with her. I wish I could see her more often, I really do. My panic "Holy fuck, what was that, is someone trying to break in?" mode kicked in, but I think it may have something to do with the book I was reading before bed (about a killer who preys on a psychologist's patients, driving them to commit suicide....OMFG!)
…so we have a portion of the team posing as a new circus act to inspect some shady business that may or may not be related to the circus itself. Apparently this means sticking to alliterative names. Never thought of it until now, but it would have been a steaming pile of awkward if Aqualad was available for the mission.
Wash and peel both the daikon and carrots. Cut both into even matchstick style pieces and place in a non reactive bowl. I used a package of snacking carrots, so I cut the diakon to match their length.
UHH English Literature Club
Voide imeytyy suht nopeasti ja jättää solariumin jälkeen ihon pehmeäksi ja makeantuoksuiseksi ♡
To be retired, or for the hard of hearing....retarded.
- Yes, but we've never actually used it have we?
5) In a bowl containing the mashed potato,add in the cooked chicken.
His mouth twitched. “I won’t.” He bent his head to kiss her again, then groaned. “If I don’t go now, I’ll be here all night.”
Do you have any encouraging tips for new writers?
The blows continue to fall upon Qwil’s butt and reach the number of nine. The women always hit in turn and calmly follow the gestures of an ancient rite. It is never possible to predict when the next blow is about to arrive.
Anything more than that, like media/budget/mandatory items, are a nice to have. Helpful and useful but not always needed. It also depends on the project; a website redesign will require quite a bit more info than a pure conceptual project.
It's like ....get a porn dvd or magazine.
Be it... pockets on your cards... pocket theme... etc etc or check out our fab Design Teams work for more inspiration!
May your Easter weekend be full of blessings.
The reason is simple: we never stopped working on the problem. We only thought we did. It was a young scientist called Mark Beeman who, back in the 1990s was studying patients who had suffered damage to the right hemisphere of the brain, that realised, as he puts it:
Three American astronauts, made up of Captain Neal Patterson (Eric Fleming), Lieutenants Mike Cruze (Dave Willock) and Larry Turner (Patrick Waltz), and a bulky Professor (Paul Birch) are on the first manned mission to Venus. Not that they had much choice, seeing as how they borrowed the uniforms from Forbidden Planet and all. And when they arrive, instead of little green men they find women...humanoid women with high heels, lots of makeup and nice form-fitting dresses.
“I’ll do it,” sniffed Pricklewood. “But I haven’t even bought any presents for them and the shops are closed now.”
In October of 2009 I attended a conference in Joshua Tree California, it was hosted by Whitley Strieber. A few days after the conference while traveling in Utah I started feeling chest pains. Later that same day I found out that my friend Mac Tonnies had died at the very young age of 34. A few months before this, I had spoken to Mac about an overnight stay in a hospital after he had fainted. The doctors were focused on his heart, but they never had an answer to why he fainted.
Okay, a few quick tidbits before we look at some pictures. In 1961, Evel Knievel hitchhiked all the way from Butte to Washington, D.C., while carrying a 54" rack of elk antlers. His goal? To draw attention to ... and end ... elk culling in Yellowstone National Park. This was one of his acts of derring-do that actually paid off. The culling stopped, and he didn't break a single bone. I already mentioned the gold, silver, and sapphires, but how about this? A Montana sapphire is actually included in England's Crown Jewels. And it's the only U.S. gem in the lot. Ever hear of a buffalo jump? Nope, it isn't one of the skijoring obstacles. A buffalo jump was a hunting ploy used by American Indians. Imagine an Indian hunting party chasing some buffalo faster and faster toward a steep cliff. (You see where this is going, don't you?) The buffalo run off the cliff, and voila! Meat for the tribe. Montana's buffalo jump is called Wahkpe Chu'gn, which translates to Too Close For Comfort. There, tourists can imagine what a buffalo hunt was like, while trying their hand at throwing an Indian hunting stick. Canadians are a little more descriptive with the name of their buffalo jump. It's called Head-Smashed-In. I kid you not (And it's okay if you laughed.)
1 lb bittersweet chocolate
3. Tell him/her they’ll be sent to their bedroom if they don’t stop doing that. You shouldn’t tolerate such behaviour!
I am learning to follow my instincts!
If you look closely enough you'll see contributions from some established mailart legends like JJAltheway, with her final piece from mailart 365! What an adventure it's been JJ! I too feel kinda gutted that you're not posting everyday and I can only imagine the sense of emptiness (I'm still stuck on 140/365) There's a Valentines day card from Laura Podob and Mrs Thundercat appears on there all the way from Holland too.
In other words, if a man finds his bride not to be a virgin on their wedding night, he is to bring her out to be stoned by the community of men.
* 12th Annual Spring Sale: crafts & flea market, silent auction, 40+ vendors with hand crafted baked goods, jams & preserves, plants, arts and crafts, a variety of new products, previously loved treasures including books, children’s’ toys, sporting goods, kitchen items, home décor, small furniture & appliances, tools…
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe that I don’t desire an agreement or relationship because I have not wanted to go into relationships or agreements with others and believe that this means that I am evil and do not then deserve to be with anyone.
quit fighting thistles,
There I was yesterday morning quietly eating my breakfast while perusing the garden. First I saw that the possums had been wreaking havoc on my new tomato bushes…nothing new there. Need a new strategy.
News of a death,
In his article, “Thought Reform 101,” Professor Kors cites a “multicultural educator,” who quite candidly professed, “White students need help to understand what it means to be white in a multicultural community. For the white heterosexual male who feels disconnected and marginalized by multiculturalism, we’ve got to do a lot of work here.”
How can you pray for us? Patience, wisdom, peace, strength, opportunities to bear witness to the reality of Jesus Christ as our rock and refuge, our ever present help in a time of need. Pray we would be able to faithfully live out the truths about God that we know are true. Always pray for Abigail and Emma Grace, God has given them so much grace to understand at such young ages.
The expansion was far too wide far too quick, and KK didn’t allow enough time to understand what their sustained demand would be prior to expansion. No doubt the temptation to expand rapidly during growth would be tempting, but sometimes the best decision we can make is to limit distribution and keep the brand exclusive.
In closing, folks, whether you ask us to come train you, or you seek out training elsewhere, get training. Learn to run your guns in an expert manner, practice your individual critical skills tasks and common tasks skills and battle drills to mastery. Learn what you need to learn and practice it until you master it.
Back to outfit posts.
The politics that brought us all of this were legitimized because they triumphed in the Spadina Expressway battle. How different things would be if the other politics had prevailed. Replace protest, street theatre, marches, civil disobedience and an alphabet soup of community organizations with backroom deals, bureaucratic control and growth at any cost. Civic duty in this scenario is reduced to paying taxes on time, following rules and picking a candidate from a ballot just as you would pick a brand of soft drink from a variety store shelf.
Wide Awake Words™ for today: Open-minded, awake, conscious, sensitive.
People believe in God because the world is very complicated and they think it is very unlikely that anything as complicated as a flying squirrel or the human eye or a brain could happen by chance. But they should think logically and if they thought logically they would see that they can only ask this question because it has already happened and they exist.
Despite this pledge just one month after buying the confectioner, Kraft closed the factory — leading to the direct loss of 400 jobs, and the indirect loss of others in the supply chain.
The Cheese: I love the mild taste of Monterey Jack cheese, and I usually buy Pepper Jack cheese (containing bits of pepper) for the extra kick. You can use whatever cheese you like, although semi-hard and hard cheeses like Swiss, cheddar etc. would work best. In India, as far as I know, Amul cheese is the most readily available brand.
Raising awareness is always a start so I hope to find more and more step-parents sharing their plight, but in the meantime, there are some useful things I have learned along the way. I have listed them below (in no particular order and for your reading pleasure).
I then poured a glass of white wine for a customer which was filled little chunks of cork floating around in her drink.
This can be aptly described by the Google doodles phenomenon. Coming up with a new logo for each and every occasion is quite a creative challenge indeed.
“The kids want to win the title with all the city teams in the ten team district — that’s one of their goals they set,” said Martin head coach Armando Garcia. “They don’t know when this will happen again — when everyone’s in the same district — and they want this title.”
As well as being highly economic or, this promises to be a good opportunity to get out of the office and enjoy some challenging intellectual property discussion before the season of mince pies commences in earnest. I hope to see you there.
■ “O.E. east, from P.Gmc. *aus-to-, *austra- “east, toward the sunrise” (cf. Du. oost, Ger. Ost, O.N. austr “from the east”), from PIE *aus- “dawn” (cf. Skt. ushas “dawn,” Gk. aurion “morning,” O.Ir. usah, Lith. auszra “dawn,” L. aurora “dawn,” auster “south”), lit. “to shine.” The east is the direction in which dawn breaks.” (Online Etymological Dictionary)
Hopefully this was sufficient enough.
With all the talk of redundancies in Starfleet, the crew have been thrown into a right panic. Rumours abound be for the chop after the Evaluator talks to them in the one-to-one meeting that will come up for all of them. Things are now even more frantic, as he has now arrived on board.
I cried and carried on all the way from the prep room to the room where the lumbar puncture was to take place. The technician told me to get it together and calm down and be still, that they couldn’t do the procedure if I was moving even the least little bit. Jimmy explained that I have a panic disorder and was without medication. The tech replied that “That’s okay, but she needs to calm down.” Yes, and diabetics can control an insulin coma by willing themselves to feel better. Asshole.
Dismantling the ramparts around my fears is a slow process, the tools more often like nail files than wrecking balls. With persistence and the aid of erosion, maybe even these inadequate implements will be able to scratch some small breaches into the edifice.
Shoes, Enzo Angiolini - Goodwill
Clams Casino – Im God
No fucking wonder I want to run off to some 3rd world country and start new.
EVANSTON, Ill. — In his barbershop on Church Street here, 78-year-old Sam Johnson can close his eyes and dance once more as a teenager inside the cracker box Emerson Street branch of the Y.M.C.A.
Let's see....
I don’t remember being particularly nervous or excited as we drove to the courthouse (maybe my stuffed-up nose and ears prevented that), but when we pulled up and tumbled out onto the courthouse steps on that sunny morning, my heart began to flutter a bit.
This tag was really fun. I cut a tag out of basic kraft paper with the vagabond that I then covered with Goosebumps. I let that dry and then rubbed on Distress Ink in 'Ripe Persimmon'. Once that dried, I sprayed Goosebumps again. 'Barn Door' was then rubbed around the edges. While that was drying, I used the same 'Barn Door' ink to stamp another TPC stamp. The leaf was made using yellow paper that had been rubbed with the same two distress inks. I added the crackle paint in 'Clear Rock Candy'. Then I went around the edges with Perfect Pearls. I liked the look of the Gold Perfect Pearls so much that I stamped over the background with a leaf stamp and used more on it.
The Fulpers did it, which is why they are among the last remaining dairy farmers in upstate New Jersey. Those farmers who couldn’t keep up with the changes are long gone.”
I don't know. If there was a fire in my house and I was allowed to grab one thing I wouldn't know what it would be. I've got so much crap
Buy gifts for the wedding party
But then something clicked. And she knew she had to change before something terrible happened. And the toilet seat breaking was a symbol of other things that could have broken — a sign that it was time to pull it together. So she took those initial steps to get her life back. It was hard.
The information obtained from ISI about the Abbottabad compound explains the otherwise mysterious remark by President Barack Obama on the night of the raid. "It is important here to note," Obama said, "that our counterterrorism cooperation with Pakistan helped lead us to bin Laden and the compound he was hiding in."
As taken from the Metal Blade Records News Update, April 5th, 2011:
I ended up collecting all colors of the rainbow and punching out hearts in all of them. The punching is easy (and quite addictive), taking just a few minutes to punch out a gazillion. And since I had more canvases, I spread them out onto four squares.
So ideally avoid ALL sodas, but if you have a choice between soda sweetened with HFCS or artificial sweeteners, choose HFCS. The best and safest sweetener (although illegal to use according to the FDA) would be the herb Stevia.
In response to the City's budget woes, today's Scottish pride parade has been cut from 13 to ten blocks long. The event is the first procession affected by the NYPD's decision to shorten parade routes in order to cut down on officer overtime hours.
Upon first hearing of this little project from Crow, Kettle, and Pot, I was bemused. We have known each other for years, and for years we have casually made fun of fan fiction — and real fiction, for that matter. When I was shown the link to 50 Shades of Grey and the idea for this blog, I was excited to begin.
I won’t get to hug you
Low cloud covers the tops of the Taygetos range as we walk in to the village square and flop down on rush-bottomed chairs in the cafe. Time for a cool drink and to get a sense of what this place is like.
Granted, I’m thinking mostly of a dog here, but even cats and other animals can be a lot of work. Think of it as having a small furry child because your pet will need everyday care and attention just like a child does. Food, water, exercise, and attention are everyday needs, plus the chores of additional house cleaning, litterbox, cage or yard cleanup, and the extra expenses of food, treats, veterinary care, and possibly grooming are all important items to consider.
6th CFL Iain McFarland
Also, people in Wanzhou do not use heaters. Weather is cold about -4 C right now. People do weird things there. They wear many layers of clothes to keep them warm. They open their windows to let fresh air in ( air is more polluted than in Beijing). They sleep with layers of clothes on, and even eat clothes on. Inside the houses you have to wear slippers. There are slippers for bathroom, to kitchen, to showers, to regular rooms. Just slippers, slippers, slippers. My feet got blisters on just switching slippers from room to room. lol
In the garden of Gethsemane on the night before he died he spent the whole night in prayer,
I've had these colors picked out and the swatches sitting in my kitchen for 3 and a half years. Isn't that just kinda sad? But sad no more, friends. My hubs of 15 years is making my dreams come true...or at least my beautimus wall dreams.
As I see it, there are three main problems with the United Nations as it stands today. The first is its organizational structure. The General Assembly gives equal representation to each member nation, which is appropriate since it is an organization of nations. What is missing is a connection to the people of those nations. I would propose adding a second body, consisting of representatives directly elected by the world’s people. Each member nation would be allocated one representative for each 0.1% of the world’s population it contains. Nations with populations smaller than 0.05% of the world’s population would not be represented. This would serve to greatly increase interest in the United Nations among the people of the world, and would give some experience in democracy to those countries that do not practice it at this time.
The Morestran commander, the increasingly unhinged Salamar, attacks Sorenson with a radiation source but this only causes him to produce multiple anti-matter versions of himself, which soon overrun the ship. The Doctor finds the original Sorenson, takes him back to the planet in the TARDIS and throws both him and his samples into the pit, fulfilling a bargain he earlier made with the anti-matter creature. Sorenson reappears unharmed, and the Doctor returns him to the Morestran ship, which is now freed of the planet's influence.
DS and I watched Finding Nemo and that "just keep swimming" tune that Dory sings has been in my head. However, I changed it to "just keep quilting." Our quilt show entry forms were turned in at Tuesday's guild meeting. I am now committed to my three entries - must stay focussed! One is sandwiched and stabilized with SID, one is quilted, and one is in progress - and giving me fits!!
Our solution: Hardboard. We wandered the lumber aisles at Home Depot and stumbled on something that looked perfect for our project.
...as the Musician and I watched a bit of TV and enjoyed a glass of sparking apple cider.
Balhae became a major empire in Northeast Asia and occupied southern parts of Manchuria, Russia’s Primorsky Krai, and the northern part of the Korean peninsula.
“Does that make me your special friend?”
says you could be here once again
I myself enjoyed it a great deal, and learned a great deal from it, even though the things I’ve learned have a little asterisk in my mind, that will flag them as folklore rather than history, until I meet them again somewhere else. Inspired by this book, the next thing I will read for the AWWC are some issues of The Dawn which have been digitized by the National Library after a community appeal. That’s a great story which I’ll cover in a later post.
Drug Compositions (US class 514) -- 2.1%
Please note that if you are taking the iPhone to a different carrier, some settings will need to be changed in order for features like web surfing and picture messaging to work. Although it varies from carrier to carrier, many are happy to provide you with the necessary settings to ensure proper operation. For example, T-Mobile has easy-to-follow directions to set up an iPhone.
Seriously, I get to do this stuff! I get to see this stuff. I get to participate in this stuff! Amazing!
This week I’ve taken my question of the week from a law student that I met while celebrating one of my best friends birthday, rather than an email request.
And the Cheezburger empire continues to expand. According to Marc Hustvedt over at tech site Tubefilter, Cheezburger Network – the meme factory behind sites such as The Daily What, Fail Blog, and flagship I Can Has Cheezburger – has acquired Know Your Meme, a Web series which investigates various Internet trends. (If this all sounds like a lot of Cheez, check out this helpful explainer about the Golden Age of the Internet Meme.)
By restricting Yom Kippur to an annual observance the pollution of the sanctuary becomes a much more focused issue, with a much greater need for introspection and remorse for actions. The day itself is separated and made sacred from other days in that the whole camp would fast and refrain from work.
In 1983 also launched a computer capable of performing the most sales for the first time in the history of laptops, namely Kyocera Kyotronic 85. This laptop was quickly licensed by Tandy Corporation., Olivetti, and NEC. They saw its great potential for success as TRS-80 Model 100 (or Tandy 100), Olivetti M-10, NEC PC-8201.
“Their mufti is Mr. Bush, and they make another pilgrimage to London.”
Riding my bike will save me about forty dollars a week and that fits my lifestyle. Currently my vehicle get about eight miles to the gallon. Not driving will help me to be a little healthier however I have ran into a problem already. Yesterday I wanted to go shopping and I don’t have enough room on my bike and in my pack for my groceries so instead of using my truck I invited my friend over who has a bike trailer and we shopped together. He told me about a place in Portland that sells used bike accessories and suggested I check them out next time I’m there.
Dear Joshua,
Contrary to earlier claims by both camps, Mr. Politician and Beautiful Celebrity actually dated! Pero ‘yon na ‘yon! Mr. Politician never even reached “second base.” He was not just her type. A health buff, Beautiful Celebrity described his “habit” as a big turnoff. And the hypersalivation was disgusting, she told closest friends. Foamy? Eeew.
3 egg whites
If you ever want to see what it would be like if I had a stroke, turn on Christmas music. I suddenly and uncontrollably start screaming nonsense and start batting at those fucking noise-making machines (radios, usually) until they shut the fuck up. I've had a series of strokes since early November. I would rather listen to a symphony of
It have anything that… is not the PNM fault, Kamla?
Here’s what Thumper had to share with us today.
Why does the world always seem to think they have figured out everything when they have kicked God out of it? Why does it take so long to realise that once God is not in it, then nothing’s in it? These questions seem to puzzle me all the time.
is readily available and goes back out to local charity causes... truly
It's hard when you're first married and getting acquainted with your new family. Not that I'm newly married, hardly so, but I remember how much I wanted to impress Greg's Mom early on. To fit in.
I hope y'all enjoy!
I thought the cakes tasted a bit eggy. Mrblocko agreed, but didn't notice until I pointed it out. I like eggs so it wasn't a deal breaker for me. If this flavor was a negative for anyone, a drizzle of dulce de leche could hide any eggy elements and no one would be the wiser. I may do just that tonight when I wolf down another cake, not because I didn't like the taste of the cake. I just like dulce de leche and feel guilty eating it by the spoonful.
Ahhh, reincarnation. Need I say more. Many of us probably spent hours day-dreaming about who we could have been in the past. While the tale brought back all those memories, it also opens up a dark corridor to what might go wrong, betraying love, killing the ‘new’ woman, being trapped and so on.
Although slightly difficult to make out, I also attached the string to my hop frames for when the plants start scrambling to the sky. Last year I used bamboo canes, but harvesting was a pain and it should be so much easier this time around if I can just cut the vines down, string and all.
Mathis, a painter's helper, said one co-worker who found out he was married to a white woman told him, "In the Bible, it says that white women shouldn't mix with monkeys." When he called Turner's corporate office to complain about that incident, he heard nothing back, Mathis said.
For those that are new to WIPW, to share your WIPW post with us, just fill out the Mr. Linky below. Despite it saying you must comment, don't feel as if you do. That is something Mr. Linky automatically adds. I just ask you to check out a few of the links posted to see what everyone else is working on and comment there if you can. Everyone loves feedback and a little encouragement on their projects! Also, please link back to this post in your post to get the word out! The more the merrier!
No, it's that Stuckey, famous for his November 2005 claim to a credulous New York Times reporter "It's Orwellian, almost," regarding critics' charges of little transparency, claims that “the opposition to this project hopes if they say something enough times, people will believe it.”
You may wish to view my blog dedicated to the interrelationship between martial arts protocol & ideology to fly-fishing and fishing in general by clicking WWW.FlyFishingDojo.Com
I have one regret and that is that I didn't get to nearly as many blogs as I wanted (hoping the linky stays up? I would really like to get to everyone over the next little bit). My life just got busy and then more so and then the month was over and I really wanted to visit everyone. Part of my plan for next year (yes, I'm planning on next year already...have we not discussed what a planner I am???), is that, since I'm in charge of big things at work, I am going to make sure they are in March so that I can have this go better.
Then I started seeing a series of great Broadway musicals. I saw productions of THE KING & I and GUYS AND DOLLS. You know all the great musicals of that period, and I fell in love with show business. I became fascinated with show business. Meanwhile, at night, my parents were not allowing me to watch television, cause they considered it uncultured. So I was always listening to the radio. And to this day, I'm still mad with them, cause I really missed out on the golden age of comedy on television.
like a lighthouse above. A couple in love.
Kids of my generation just suffered massive brain damage and head trauma if we fell off our bikes. There were no stupid laws about riding sans helmet. We just rode around the 'hood helmet free and by golly, most of my generation is half-way functioning. Well, save for those of us who sorta made the economy go in the tanker because we bought adjustable rate mortgages that we surely couldn't afford and then the banks blew to pieces and the government had to bail our arses out. That wasn't me though. I never fell off my bike and endured massive bleeding from my cranium. The kids who did prolly are the ones who can't budget their money. I don’t want some kid knocking on my door asking if he can take the pony on a spin if he doesn’t have a pumpkin helmet with him. The wrath of that kid’s parents would scare me silly.
VI: when I can wake up easily in the morning.
Well what a mess! Johnson's wife having an affair...hmmm.
Funny thing is, I found when I was feeling better and went to drink a cola, it seemed so egregiously sweet to me, I couldn’t stand to drink it. Instead, I switched to a somewhat less sweet alternative, Gatorade.
Just then Mi Roo gets a call on her cell but it doesn’t sound like anyone is on the other end. But it’s actually Hae Ra calling to check on her whereabouts and sure enough she can hear fireworks going off indicating that Mi Roo and Jin Oh are together.
½ cup raw liquid honey (vegans use maple syrup)
All week at the Doodlebug Blog, we are posting Mother's Day Cards and gifts. Using a Square Baroque Create A Card and some Hello Spring patterned paper, I created a card that contains a gift.
When I was growing up our “outings” or vacations consisted of going out-of-town for weddings or funerals and my parents would say “say hello to -so and so- they’re your relatives”. I swore I thought I was related to every Mexican American person in Texas! Now it’s coming back to me because when I take my kids to family weddings or funerals I find myself saying “say hello to -so and so- they’re my cousins”! My kids automatically hug everyone they meet now and tell me, “ I met your cousin -so and so!” lol
The voice of him that cries in the wilderness,
and check out the awesome creations
couldn't have done it without my followers.
Hiding away wasn’t help you
Can't make it all =)
Its late on Feb 14th. Your character has just realised that they have forgotten Valentines Day and the affiliated expectations surrounding it. What excuse or reason are they going to give to their partner?
SING IT, GIRLS! Change that soundtrack in your head!
One has to salute the wisdom and foresight of the conceiver of this idea: tear down an expressway that covered over an old stream that was then, very polluted and replace it with a linear park.
Also, "The Garden" is a term with which I'm unfamiliar.
by Andrew David Pucker
THANKS! Thank you to Suzy G for this great tip!
We had to create the city of Bombay on two streets! We got away with some scenes set at night. That’s why I had so many burning tyres. I based the Bombay bits on my own experiences in the city. We used the city’s landmarks such as the Gateway of India and Marina Drive. You have to put flags down for audiences to identify the city.
Evan and Kyle have always had feeling for each other extending beyond just their friendship but for various reason they had never made the steps to show each other just how much they mean to each other and what they truly want. Kyle is afraid of hurting Evan, and Evan is afraid of getting hurt especially after getting out of a relationship which has left him feeling unworthy and heartbroken. When Kyle is given a journal from his dead grandfather, the story in it that his grandfather writes opens Kyle up to his feelings and gives him the courage to believe he could make Evan happy. When Dennis was causing friction between Evan and Kyle I was so irritated, I hated him, but in the end he didn’t turn out to be such a bad guy, he had his own reasons for when happened with Evan and he was also hurting, he did what was best for Evan even though it ended up hurting them both.
And that made me walk even taller than I possibly ever could!
The new musicians respond in kind. Robert Glasper says, "If Charlie Parker came back from the dead, he'd say, 'You're still playing the same shit I was - what the fuck are you doing?" Robert Shipp says, "I don't have to view music through the prism of 'Bud Powell played it like this' or 'Bill Evans played it like this'. Fuck those guys. I do it my way."
(“I like to gamble” he thinks to himself)
You are fiercely stubborn
Fifty years after the event, Montgomery M. Folsom reflected on the death of his kinsman:
In short (and because this post is considerably more than 200 words and funnily enough took far less time than the above exercise)I did in fact produce my 200 word count for the day, and I am now considering keeping a ketchup bottle on my desk to remind myself that however empty I might feel, sometimes all the brain-bottle needs is a little shake to get the juices flowing.
Opry Mills Mall, located next to the well-known Opryland Hotel, is finally having its Grand Re-Opening after nearly two years of closed doors following the devasting flood in May 2010.
Ye’ve got t’ sing an’ dance fer years, ye’ve got t’ romp an’ play,
And if I say please only contact me if you have a picture since I have provided one also, why do you contact me and have no pictures on your profile?
(What is wrong with Corfe Close, you might ask? The guidelines mention the hypothetical residents of No. 4, with their unfortunate hypothetical address, “4 Corfe Close.” To find the naughty meaning, you have to repeat the first two words rapidly many times, preferably in the presence of your fifth-grade classmates.)
I love my dogs. It doesn't take long for someone to realize that I'm borderline-dog-show person. The only way I get to stay on the sane side is by being equally immersed in other activities. This blog post isn't entirely about dogs, it is most much about what I've learned through showing dogs. I've showed, trained, handled, and judged (not in all activities) dogs in conformation, weight pull, drafting, rally, herding, water rescue, packing, and obedience. Needless to say, I was exposed to many different breeds and many different types of dog owners. And the politics in the dog world is tremendous. The movie, Best in Show was a severe understatement of what really goes on at dog shows. Dog show politics makes any other type of politics (including governmental) look like a walk in the park on a sunny day when the birds are chirping. I heard that horse show politics are worse, but I'll avoid that for the time being.
For those of us who used to just accumulate air miles strictly by going to the liquor store, I’m sure you’ve realized that by the time you are 95 you may have earned just enough to buy a gift card to go to the movies.
The offer came in at $2500 more than I make now, with yearly bonuses, paid time off starting January 1. I got the employment packet in the mail and the insurance benefits will cost about 50% of what I pay now. All of this is good for the checkbook. I have to send in some paperwork and do the normal drug test and credit check. I am going to take off about a week between ending old job and starting new job.
it was totally what you picture italy as, pedestrian only allys, old men riding bikes with baskets, tree lined streets with sidewalk cafes, everybody EVERYBODY smoking *cough, gasp*.
Peaseblossom.
The road from that point was a narrow one. Picnickers in buses will have to get down there and walk. As I rode along, I realized that it was becoming a deep forest. I also realized we were all alone there. Not a single soul to be seen anywhere. That was kind of an eerie feeling.
I much prefer a book where the language reflects its setting to one which has been blandly set in a mid-Atlantic Anywhere. We can't all travel to other countries. We can read books from all over the world.
So the next time you have off jump up in the morning, early, before the cat and dog wake you for their morning food, before the sun rises and see what you can find. Trust me; it will be exciting regardless of the pictures you get in return.
Despite his rough day on the course, the Golf Channel reports fans should not worry: if anyone can still win after missing the cut, it’s 14-time major winner Tiger Woods. One GC analyst went so far as to say he still considers Woods the favorite to win this event.
It also claims Issa used his authority to improperly defend Merrill Lynch, a firm with “which he has a significant financial interest,” the document states.
I’ve decided to do a “soft open”* for the time being.
Rebecca:you are always crazy.
4 So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramoth–gilead.
fruits: amounts vary to your own personal liking
When I was a kid, I remember getting my first transistor radio; made in Japan, then people were starting to get concerned about Japan’s role in electronics development followed by their entry into motorcycle and automobile manufacturing. In response, buy American programs were instituted by companies such as the American automakers to encourage people to keep buying American made cars. Sam Walton prided himself on providing American made goods in his pilot discount stores. Americans kept working, American manufacturing thrived and wages went up, as did the price of goods.
2 medium yukon gold potatoes, cut into 2” cubes
I am loving the gardening thing. I never had much interest in it and really didn't until I started it. But I am loving watching everything grow and produce. I sure hope it all tastes good!
"It is confirmed that Malaysian police have detained the Saudi writer. This arrest was part of an Interpol operation which the Malaysian police were a part of," a police spokesman told Reuters on Friday.
Obstacles without questions
'You know why, Raymond. I need the practice. You know Mr Plummer says I've got talent and it needs developing. I wish you wouldn't try to make me feel guilty all the time.'
"It is my belief that Scotland's great cities and ports are ideally placed to become a key hub for the rapidly growing multi-billion pound offshore renewables industry.
Staycation? Definitely.
Penny on the bus
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for teaching me how to pray the right way. I know I’ll always receive answers to all my prayers as I pray every day in the Name of Jesus! Amen!
Breaking news. Read this full press release, there are going to be some awesome events, including one for you Waco Brothers fans. Much like SXSW, the conference itself is only open to industry professionals, but there are events open to the public.
Monday – Saturday, 9 am – 5pm
It’s perfect, our state of hesitance is concluding
Decentralisation Minister Greg Clark said:
Q: In CHINA LAKE, you captured the voice of religious extremism in a pitch-perfect way. How did you manage it without getting clichéd or too weird to be believable?
Wooden spoons for invitations! Yes, we were going to do this in style. Alas, the party never happened; the night before it was due to take place, she was struck by a brain haemorrhage. She died two weeks later.
The answer was simple: I just needed to get the dog some different water. But how was I going to contain this water? I was too short to get a bowl from the cabinet. But I sure knew where some shoeboxes were! So I ran down the hall to the linen closet to fetch one. I filled it with water from the sink, and said, “Puppy! Look! I brought you new, better water! Come over here and have some or our toilet isn’t going to work!”
TALKING enables individuals to both share ideas and approach problems—stating them, defining them and solving them.
Dunno. I just know that if all family photos had a peeing kid in the background, they'd be much more interesting. It could even devolve down to a "Where's Waldo" sort of thing: find the peeing kid in this photo!
Had half impair'd the nameless grace
The health insurance director who wasted $30 Million of our tax dollars by not bidding health insurance for at least seven years is still on our payroll.
What is true of my family, however, may not be true of yours. Many men are so taken up with the world of machines that they think it idle to carry a pocketknife. After all, you say, chocolate bars are scored to break easily, cigars are now manufactured with holes in their heads, and the post office efficiently breaks all package strings before they reach the addressee. Who needs a knife?
it was impossible to get loads of pictures of Marrows,
Lady Penelope: Keep going Parker, we’re almost there.
It brings us screamingly back to the BIG question of the election. It is not the economy and it is not the EU. It is, is Gordon Brown mentally and psychologically capable of the job to which the Labour party have already anointed him?
When I do a preapproval for a first time home buyer, I do my best to explain how the offer process works. Many come to me with this expectation that they plan on offering at least 10% below asking price. I always ask how they came up with this number. They say, that is what they read or that is what they were advised to do by someone. Where do they read this stuff?
in case of emergency
The idea though is just to play for 45 minutes when I come home. That’s as detailed as my mission statement gets. Play anything. Do anything musically related that involves a guitar in my hand. I’ve been choosing to play songs rather than to work on exercises. I’m going with that. Letting it be fine. I say play what you like to hear. Steph and I were listening to the blue album this past weekend, and it’s still one of the greats. Tight production by Ric Ocasik. Matt Sharp was still in the band. I read a nice if perhaps slightly-uninformed piece by Film Crit Hulk on why Weezer sucked after Matt left. Short answer Hulk give is no harmony. The music is much lamer without his contribution. Of course Hulk really mean no counterpoint from bass. Less structure. Less interesting. Less tension too apparently.
Stargate Command is contacted by the Kelowna’s, Jonas’ people who were building a naquadria bomb in anticipation of a Cold war suddenly heating up. The Kelowdan’s neighboring countries on on the verge of signing a non-aggression pact. Such an agreement would leave Kelowdan vulnerable to attack from superior forces. They want SGC to give them defensive weaponry in exchange for all the naquaria they can use.
I just can’t believe how incredibly painful it still is.
How you treat your family. Do those who live in your house see Jesus in you? Do your words represent Him? WHATEVER also means WHEREVER ,including home where we often let down our guard and treat our family differently than we would treat a guest.
Take a look:
Very recently one of my friends lost her 24 year old son (her one and only child) and she ask me for a poem to be read at his Memorial Service. I started looking through my poems and nothing jumped out at me, I though oh no what will I do..I can't deny this sweet, grieving mother of a simple request such as this..I'd never met her son so I thought that maybe I could write something from a mother's point of view as I have a son. I started writing and nothing seem to work..No words came that I could go with.. knowing I only had a few days to do it in and fearing I would disappoint her, needless to say I was at a loss..
And I've been on the lookout for the whimsical, the wry, the gently cynical insights into the human condition that make blogging of that ilk so incredibly popular. And lightweight. Except for xkcd, of course.
I'm a huge fan of dark and malty London ales, so I could be biased in my opinion. However, even the Queen enjoyed it. She seems to prefer the hops side of the spectrum (Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA), but she said it was good. How can you go against the Queen? I know I can't. Grade: 4 Burps
The UK is sick. A century ago, the human stock of the country was strong and vibrant. Now it is weak and decadent. The slaughter of the UK's finest in the Great War damaged the genepool in ways of which we are only now becoming aware. In the second half of that same conflict (following the pause from the end of 1918 to late 1939), the job of obliterating the best of humanity in Europe, was completed. The rise of the anti-humans such as Winston Churchill has continued apace until now we have in parliament the double act of the Jewish Capitalist Cameron and his sidekick Clegg, 'opposed' by the Jewish Communist Miliband. A healthy nation would not allow such people to take the helm of State.
First, let’s take a step back and consider the actual process of becoming disabled. We frequently have a false sense of security owning disability coverage. The question I ask is: “Will you collect benefits from your disability insurance policy when you become disabled?” Most of us assume that our disability policies will provide benefits on a timely basis at the point of disability. Regrettably, too many of us discover the inadequacies of our disability insurance programs after we’ve either already become uninsurable, no longer qualify for coverage or we’re facing the devastating financial consequences of a long-term disability (LTD).
This crucial period has become a promising new target for prevention, raising hopes of conquering public health scourges like obesity and heart disease by intervening before birth. By “teaching” fetuses the appropriate lessons while they’re still in utero, we could potentially end vicious cycles of poverty, infirmity and illness and initiate virtuous cycles of health, strength and stability.
1.) Mister Fantastic
An article in today's Telegraph regarding the current situation of rebel fighters refusing to either go home or disarm, carries the questionable headline "As lawlessness spreads, are the rebel 'good guys' turning bad?" This rather pre-supposes the notion that the rebels were ever the "good guys" to begin with, rather than a rag-tag bunch of extremists, known terrorists and some fighters who genuinely believed in the cause of deposing Col. Gaddafi.
Not only does Dataran Merdeka not belong to City Hall, Malaysia does not belong to Najib or Umno. Once and for all, let’s make it clear – Malaysia belongs to its people.
Then in French all we did was watch those weird videos and do the video packet.
Unfortunately, most distance universities currently have to make a significant choice between the following two insufficient models:
If you cross the Afghan Border illegally, you get shot.
I love this cart so much, that I decided to make a layout with it too. The pictures aren't great as they were snapped with my phone after dark. I just wanted you to see the Daddy's Girl font and the inking I did on it.
EveryOne Lotion is a 3 in 1 ultra moisturizing lotion made with pure essential oils and herbal extracts to keep your skin soft and smooth. Organic coconut and sesame oils are added to nourish and moisturize all skin types. Cruelty free, paraben free, polysorbate free, disodium EDTA free, gluten free, sodium lauryl sulfate free, and non-GMO verified.
pepper and salt to taste
It's not okay to pitch your novel or query an agent or editor via Twitter, but following them is a great way to find out what's going on in the publishing industry and with their own work; they might tweet "Finally getting to my January queries" or "I wish someone would send me a good mermaid erotica manuscript," for example. And if an agent tweets, "If I get one more manuscript about woodland creatures or wizards I'm going to throw my computer out the window," then you know to send your novel about a squirrel who goes to wizard school to someone else. Of course they also tweet about things that aren't work-related, like what's going on with their kids or pets or where they like to shop. They start to seem like real people, almost.
telephone/fax, HD/high speed cable, weekly maid service and pool/yard maintenance, fully
I cannot wait to check out the songs/cards by the rest of the team. Here is the hop order:
So what do I think? I think it plays out much like a lot of horror franchises. The first is a relatively scary and entertaining horror film and it all goes downhill from there! Seed was ridiculous, but entertaining. I just hope they stop making them, though. The madness has gone on long enough.
When Terrill and I first got married, I wasn’t sure how many kids I wanted. Right after Jack was born, I wasn’t sure I even wanted the one I had :-) But when Paul was just a couple of weeks old, I knew I wanted at least three. I can remember one night in particular when I had gotten up with him, sitting in one of our red chairs in the living room while I held him. Of course, he was adorable and precious, and right then, I was convinced I wanted another Saxon in our family.
Adding buttons to bobby pins is a great way to turn an ordinary object into an amazing fashion accessory. Buttons harvested from old clothes, found buttons and buttons leftover from sewing projects are all good choices for this project.
The next step was to glue newsprint over the letters. One or two layers is plenty. I just cut out very generous letters and glued them over the cardboard, coaxing a gentle curve into the space between the letters. You could also just skip the newsprint and run a bead of paintable caulk or spackle in the crevice, smoothing it out with your finger. This step is key to getting that "pressed tin" look.
The green push broom was Chanti's weakness.
Windows 8 gave me a hard time. This is the initial reaction I have when I first tried installing windows 8 in the USB. Overall, my installation
But it wasn't last, because people are not always on Facebook when you need them to be. More fiddling around on Google reveals that 'catch collagen' is more properly called 'mutable collagenous tissue' or MCT. And now we get somewhere: there is an article in The Journal of Experimental Biology, 2002, that describes research into MCT in echinoderms. Current thinking, it appears, is that the sea cucumber controls the connections between fibrils of collagen by releasing chemicals into its tissues:
Sing of legend, sing of destruction
so maybe i’ll go outside, because
than two mats on a ship.
I’ve never worried, nor do I think any sane person should worry, about the ultra-affluent. They have the tax advisors, the products, the structures and the tax shelters to help them. And, most important of all they are diversified. I’m more concerned about the middle and lower class where the products are often priced at a point that is difficult to attain.
Do we aim for August? As a teacher, that would be the most ideal time. Or should we try longer? We're not even offically trying now, but of course you all know what that means. It still means hoping and all that jazz.
By David Cohen It’s been a good couple of weeks for China’s conservative press and a bad one for the image of liberal governments, as democracies battle crises ranging from the US budget standoff to Britain’s ongoing riots. …
What they fail to mention is that he is also a man who “chooses to live as” a woman, as well as pretending to be paraplegic.
I forgave my father for abusing me.
Good Monday morning, friends!
I also have a hilarious pic of her on the boob wearing sunglasses looking totally rock star cool... but of course I cant find it anywhere...
My oldest would happily lock himself in his room w/ one of the game systems and only emerge to grab food or switch out games. He could probably keep this up for a month if left unchecked. My youngest emerges more often, but he has more of a strong will. So if he has his mind set one doing X and i say it's time to do Y - the battle would begin.
Dear Social Grace,
I’d definitely give that round to Brents as well.
3 teaspoons black salt
Shah, MD, FACAAI, FAAAAI, is a celebrated author of this AmazingAllergist book series, founder of www.AmazingAllergist.com, and the medical director of www.Center4AsthmaAllergy.com. He is a board certified allergist who has earned an honor of fellowships in both the American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology and the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
This was an important Apollo, as Balanchine’s work has not been seen in Cali since the 1940’s. The crowd cheered generously, and one group clapped especially for Jekyns, who was born and raised locally before departing to dance in the United States. Stretching backstage before the show, Jekyns whispered, “I’m excited! My family is here!” He added, “I’m already warm enough to perform!” No kidding – the humid climate is great for keeping muscles loose and ready to move.
To forage in a dark forest alone,
Brewers & Chewers is a marvellous concept and one of which any self respecting beer nerd would be proud. A removal truck will pull up outside and clear the decks completely (leaving the bar and its twenty taps, of course) leaving behind a cosy nest of long tables and comfy chairs. Upon these tables will be placed a sumptuous three course feast and some special beers along with some very special guests.
I leave you with this painting of the greatest evil perpetuated by these horrible sons of Dritrashtra- The horrible treatement of Draupadi, Queen of the Pandavas.
they're not getting any schooling for yet ANOTHER week.
Saucy Applesauce
I've tried not to let work intrude while I've been away but I haven't been 100% successful. I have to hire a new parish administrator and my attempt to post an ad on craigslist failed not once but twice. I'm wondering if the second failure had something to do with me trying to od fit from my iPad--it shouldn't but I just discovered the other day that email isn't sending correctly. Eh. And I have a whole slew of meetings to deal with, to say nothing of sermons etc.
Description: The male, peacock, is predominantly blue with a fan-like crest of spatula-tipped wire-like feathers and is best known for the long train made up of elongated upper-tail covert feathers which bear colourful eyespots. These stiff and elongated feathers are raised into a fan and quivered in a display during courtship. In Buddhist philosophy, the peacock represents wisdom. An interesting tip bit: In the 1890s, the term "peacocking" in Australia referred to the practice of buying up the best pieces of land ("picking the eyes") so as to render the surrounding lands valueless.
Not only that, but the husband of the ‘mutual friend’ helped the husband of the friend in his capacity as a builder/renovator (yes, another Brit in France doing properties up etc…) and took advantage of the husbands good nature and borrowed equipment and promptly broke/ruined/stole the aforesaid equipment. The husband of the ‘mutual friend’ is the sort of person who argues with his fists not his tongue so is best avoided!
by Marco Pino
But Speed’s mystery story was going nowhere until one editor wrote back, explaining the importance of pacing and suggesting a cut of 15,000 to 20,000 words—and, best yet, the editor had shown her how, by editing the first 70 pages. But, at first, this only annoyed Speed.
We had not figured on getting stuck in the Gare du Nord.
Night of Joy is a contemporary Christian music festival that takes place each fall at Magic King- dom Park. It features live performances by con- temporary Christian superstars in rock, pop and gospel.
The latest thing to delight me from the ever wondrous Japan is Necomimi!
Speed: 100/100
Referring back to an old poll here at the Lich House, only 23% of the readership at the time were concerned that their campaigns supported a high level end-game: Beedo's hierarchy of campaign needs and then the associated poll results.
I cut off this little star from the end of the border and used it as a stand alone element
Of course, there are possibilities of appeal and the decision could well be uplifted, varied or even reversed. That is yet to be seen.
We got in line for our skates (well, the kids), then we got the equipment bags. And I, of course, had to complain that NO ONE called us. Because that's just rude. And no way to run a business. Come on, YMCA. Get your act together. I'm just glad that Kari thought to call!!
LARENZ TATE (The Inkwell)
See, here I go and I totally apologize for this rant. I am really sorry about this. I get annoyed with this topic because it just seems like the next thing. Oh, what, world hunger is no longer important? Poverty isn’t a big deal? They’re all connected, but human trafficking is the big thing going around right now. It’s like, don’t you realize that there are other people struggling in this world? I just said that all those things are connected, yes, but there’s a disconnect in there somewhere too.
Michelle Yeoh is no stranger to many Ipohans. Since young, I have considered her as my role model because she is from Ballet background. From a small-town girl who aspired to be a Ballerina, then turned beauty queen and mega-super star on the screen. She is somebody I look up to and hope to be like her in future. It was from her, my idol, I started to dream to be a beauty queen one day.
Where where those people when I needed them? Right where they needed to be, and right where they are now.
But I will handle it. What I know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, is that there will come a time where we can look at each other and say: “Remember 2012? Yeah, that happened. I’m glad it’s over.”
As a new year is now upon us, we thought it was about time we played with some of our long standing recipes, and worked on a few new ones!
This is what they called fate
So with that said, I'm grabbing my book. I'm currently reading 11/22/63 on a group read from our Book Lover's Hideaway Goodreads message boards. We have so much fun reading and commenting. It really brings us together. I love it and I love the girls on our boards. We have the best time. If you aren't over there joining in with us, you are sincerely missing out. ANYWAY, So that's what I'm reading. Since I'm reading it on my Nook, it's sort of hard to just randomly pick a page, but, I did pick a comment that made me smile and I'll share the sentences surrounding that comment for my Teaser. HERE we go!
Now I've thought a lot about The Game and I'd like to write a bit about it. The Game suggests, like much else in PKD's irv, that he thought of language as living, dynamic, and capable of changing the world outside itself. Think of the T.E.N.C.H. in Maze of Death. But The Game is slightly different. It exploits an aspect of language (the fact that we have more than one word to denote something) to create recreation, a way to pass the time. Insofar as the The Game is unproductive, it is actually counterproductive, as it distracts citizens from the degraded state of the society around them; it's an opiate of the masses. I was especially struck by the example 'water sheep,' which, it turns out, is a transliteration of 'hydraulic ram.' By translating the individual words in the sentence, players of the game are able to eliminate the meaning of the sentence, thereby destroying the phrase's cohesiveness. The object of the game is then to translate the words back by apprehending the original meaning of the sentence. In other words, you begin by imagining cohesiveness and then trying to attain it in the sentence. Do we play a game like this in our society? Yep. When you talk to Conservative Uncle and he says something about 'Global Climate Change' and you think to yourself 'oh, Global Warming!' When you go to buy a used car and they insist on calling it 'Pre-Owned.' This use of language is as mundane, circular, and unsatisfying as the rest of the society. I need some more time to suss out exactly what it is I'm trying to get at here - maybe in the comments section.
He is a Brisbane based Artist and was one of the youngest in his time to be accepted into a Fine Arts Course. His history is a long and colourful journey taking him from Stage Design for the La Boite Theatre, running a Gallery here in Brisbane, to Sydney again working in Theatre creating varied works from Poster Design for productions, to stage and costume design. While in Sydney he was commissioned by corporate clients such as Telstra to complete major works. His style and use of medium evolved which led him into water colour and the world of cartooning with a very successful series of sellout exhibitions.
---Becky and Ashley---
This year, Cooper is playing in a level of his baseball league that is a step up from last year. It’s all kid-pitched, with more strict following of the rules of baseball, and everything is taken more seriously — not by the adults, but by the boys themselves, all of whom are suddenly viewing themselves as the Red Sox (or Yankees, if you are my son).
A Black Muslim Minister who waged public war against whites.
We step through the small and intimate 25-seat dining room and follow our waiter into the kitchen. The Chef's Table seats six, and we fit easily into the soft padded banquette.
Daud was even named as the seller in official announcements at the time. The money he made out of the quick sale proves the actual value of the plantation that Taib’s government had handed to one of its own Ministers for just RM3.7million. Because, Daud sold just 80% of it immediately for RM23.4million!
The moral obligations of the people is anticipated to function among the people because of their continuously increased consciousness and improved lives and living conditions due to the development of infrastructural facilities to manifest in their active participation in the widened space in the socio-structural, political and economical relations and in the internal environment of the sub-regional nation-state and civil administration which are significantly facilitative in the growth of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian through utilizing increased space with diverse dimensions by the people depending on time throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-states. The increasing devotion, commitment and dedication of the people will also be vividly manifested in the growth of businesses and market which will provide abundant provisions with them to demonstrate people equitably accessing domestic and international market with encouraging interests driven by cognitive social capitals: taste, usefulness and importance in their daily lives and living conditions of the consumers and for the producers leading to the development of confidence and principle to invest them in the increased space with diverse dimensions in accordance with their conveniences depending on time all throughout within and across the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. As a part of their devotion, commitment and dedication to the growth and development of the sub-regional nation-state and uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian the people shall and will become supreme professional in facilitating the sub-regional nation-state and Global Civil Society institutionalized up to grassroots to the organized growth of businesses and markets through their active participation instead of repulsive behavior thus encouraging the positive attitude of the entrepreneurs in the markets, nation-state and civil administration towards the growth of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. In the sustenance of the complete convergence of the changes in the markets, sub-regional nation-state and civil administration the moral obligations of the people is anticipated to demonstrate supreme commitment of the peoples’ active participation in the business and markets towards the growth of intra- and inter-business-market professional linkages leaving no space for the revival of business or market syndication all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-states.
here is the low down from Boulevard...
“They could have fought us on this thing, but they realized they had an innocent man,” he told the newspaper. “It makes me wonder what we could have done differently.”
Originally Broadcast: 25th December 2008
Since when is it “extortion” to give banks enough money to stay in business? Good heavens, man! The alternative was collapse of our banking system. Most people complain that the banks were “given” too much!
ME: Umm, I don’t think it is a fashion book; it is more like a textbook almost.
Combine the sour cream with the lime juice, zest, jalapeno, salt and pepper. Mix shredded green cabbage in with the crema and refrigerate for about 20 minutes.
Tomato – 1 Chopped Finely
Sunni Scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi on FIFA’s Selection of Qatar to Host 2022 World Cup: “America Wants to Have a Monopoly on Everything”
Who WOULDN’T want an award with somebody looking soulfully into the upper distance like that! If I hadn’t known that was William Shatner I would’ve mistaken it for Alexander the Great giving one of his famous Looks. As MMM says, ‘it’s so Golden!’
It is too sad to look back at her past, so we will remember the joy she had with her new family and remember the coming joy because everybody knows that all dogs go to heaven.
We all carry around our curses.
But I can get the points for anything. Anything. Twinkies! Three points. If your goal is simply to see a smaller number on the scale and the tag of your pants then by all means just add up points, no matter what the food. But are you really getting healthy? You can calculate the points in diet coke (0), McDonald’s fries (5 in a small), and a Quaker Chewy Dips Granola Bar (3 for the Chocolate chip). But are you looking at what is IN these foods? Do you actually know what the ingredients are? What they do to your body?
worn look. We had a good time, the ladies went home feeling confident,
If the new Democratic Congress is to be any different than the old Republicans, this is the sort of scraping and grinding from the public coffers that has to stop. To hell with bridges to nowhere, and other piddling earmarks, we need to shut off the conduit of the nation’s wealth set up from our pockets into the corporate world’s “venture capital.” In fact this is the sort of bold entrepreneurial spirit that only Karl Marx could possibly support.
Frustrated to have a Canon EOS 5D Mark II ever since, I just thought that a person should master NOT only the art of composition, but also to manipulate the settings IN-camera. Wait… including the megapixels… why 22, NOT 24? I think it is better NOT to expect more than the usual. Why are articulated LCD’s only reserved for the APS-C cameras? Why not the full-frame ones?
10) SNP councils will work in partnership with the Scottish Government to access the Next Generation Digital Fund to ensure optimal connectivity for businesses and households throughout Scotland.
This episode was no "Mystery Spot," but I liked the way all the threads drew together. HATED Sam falling asleep at the wheel (inevitable) and almost doing a head-on with an eighteen wheeler. (Deliberate connection to the end of season 1, or laziness? Given the song they play at the end of the episode, I'm going with deliberate connection. What it means, if anything, I don't know.)
12:30 PM SLT – 3:30 PM SLT
Here is the almost completed ATC. I stamped a clock face on the background. Added some black card stock that was embossed. I liked the added piece tea cup and heart. Seems like it needs something.. may need to let it sit.. What do you think?
The verse is:
Jeannie: "Blind Willie's. Or as I like to call it, Regret."
So what have I realized lately: 1) I have great taste in music 2) Friends will be up for anything if you pay for it 3) Don’t buy a guy I like gifts, it just won’t work out well 4) Thank goodness I’m still single or else I might have to buy 2 concert tickets on a regular basis, and my budget just can’t take that =P
S.w.F.- The simple red coat you wore is an excellent choice for this portrait. It is so pure and rigorous that it defies obvious associations. It does not speak of status, era, function, or current fashion, and therefore does not distract the viewer from the image of the subject. The rich red attracts, but it is muted, almost antique, so that it doesn't overwhelm. It is a monastically simple coat, like many of the severe and simple garments of Balenciaga, Givenchy, Hardie Amies, or Oleg Cassini. It is perfect as it is so appropriate and compatible with the style of portrait, yet is a pure, architectural garment such as was fashionable in the early 1960s and is just as elegant today. I’m wondering if you can tell us anything about it or the designer.
Detailed discussions of the logistics of conducting diplomacy, doing business, or traveling abroad in the era give readers a vivid picture of how Americans experienced this age of international expansion, while contrasting Mexican and American visions of the changing relationship.
These were more delicious than the lemon lime sugar cookie truffles, but there is an extra step to this with the 2 layers of dipping. These were not worth the effort either. I would absolutely rather just eat the cookies plain. I doubled the recipe because 24 pieces is a waste of time to get all this junk out. And I am lazy and didn't want to dirty my food processor so I put the cookies in a large ziploc bag and beat the crap out of them with a meat mallet =)
Granted, the study was promoted by proponents as another example of how K-12 online learning is superior to face-to-face learning (when the study was really about access and the impact that access to curriculum had).
The Italian For Italians sketch is...okay. The audience laughter at Terry Jones' instructor saying he is from Gerard's Cross is something lost on me. As for the Italians taking the lesson, they're played a little broadly, pinstripe suit-wearing spivs divided by regionalist pride. Political correctness makes sketches like these age poorly, but at the time other sketch programs would often display national stereotypes and call it humor. The Pythons are in fact offering their own twist on this trope. They would do it again throughout the series, and frankly, the underlying point is much more obvious. It's amusing enough, but not a strong sketch. Thankfully, Terry Jones sits on a pig (porcine casualty number three in this episode - PETA would be pissed!), leading to the first cartoon.
Bhagsunag Falls: Some hippies told me that if I hike twenty minutes more from the fall, there is a cafe called the Shiva Cafe where you will get kick ass herb. Unfortunately i don't do the herb. Thought some of you might wanna know.
There’s nothing pretty about the Mercy Arms’ electric, self-titled offering. From Kirin J. Callinan’s trilled leads that slice like a rusty shiv through the reverb-drenched opener ‘Down Here, Too Long’ to Julian Sudek’s thunderous drums on ‘Speed’, nothing is overly polished in a mix that defies modern conventions. But that’s not to say that Mercy Arms isn’t a beautiful album. The songwriting skill evident on ‘Half Right’ and ‘Kilby’, a subtle ode to The Church, is evidence of the foundations that the Mercy Arms’ reputation has been built on.
wafting white whispery
Congressman Barzaga: The prosecution, Your Honor, is reydi to present its evidence and as provided for in the complaint, we shall start presenting evidence in so far…
Your airframe appeared suddenly the wormhole to interrupt the way.
I was so completely appalled by the system's inability to correctly identify a child's level of ability that I no longer wanted any part of it for me or my children...EVER. So, my decision was made then and there. They had already made a box for my child. And I knew that if I ever put her in public school, she would be labelled and crammed into that box for good. There would be no hope of breaking the cycle if I ever allowed it to begin.
Like many of you for some time I have been concerned about the poor pronunciation of people appearing on cookery programmes. Last year, for example, in the Great British Bake Off – a competition to find Britain’s best amateur baker – during the episode where they made scones, one contestant insisted, throughout, on pronouncing it “scone”. Now I tolerate individualism as much as the next person, but this casual disregard for proper pronunciation infuriated me. I wrote to the BBC – complaining that the word “scone” had been pronounced “scone” during the show (not by the presenter, I noted, but only by the contestant) and this showed declining standards at the BBC. When my e-mail complaining about this was read out on the radio I was shocked to hear the presenter pronounce “scone” as “scone” and “scone” as “scone”! This completely reversed the point I was trying to make. And despite numerous e-mails and phone calls the BBC refused to deal with my complaint and contrary to my strongly worded e-mail the presenter remains in work continuing to utter the word “scone” to listeners on a regular basis. It’s a scandal.
Have you found work that's fulfilling and enjoyable?
“I enjoyed every chapter of this book- having raised a son who lived & breathed baseball for much of his life, the characters really resonated with me. The story flows so well, & brought back wonderful memories. Highly recommend, and look forward to more from this talented writer.”
Until next time.........God bless
I am a guest blogger at John Ottinger’s Science Fiction Fantasy News and Reviews blog, Grasping for the Wind. Please stop by and say hi. It will be nice to have company. It’s my first blog appearance for Light Bringer, my first as a science fiction writer (though to be honest, I’m not sure I am).
Whether or not you believe in the healing methods that homeothapy has that is one thing but a university professor has completely dismissed the healing methods that the treatment has. According to Professor Edzard Ernst the treatment is unethical and the “potions” do not work. He also went on to say that homeopaths are “lying to their patients “.
She started an email list of news items dealing with trans "stuff", and sent it regularly. At first it was a fairly sort list, sent every few weeks. But the list got longer, and came more frequently. Eventually she had to break it into multiple emails. And not long after that, she had to stop altogether because she just couldn't keep up with it all.
Behind the principle of the analogy of faith is the prior confidence that the Bible is the inspired Word of God. If it is the Word of God, it must therefore be consistent and coherent. Cynics, however, say that consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds. If that were true, then we would have to say that the smallest mind of all is the mind of God.
It is one of many things I failed to keep when I left home.
* 95% of the books in your bookcase are paranormal related.
I enjoyed the day, enjoyed the beautiful weather, enjoyed seeing great friends on the looped course. I spent the first 8 or 9 miles with Emily feeling good and telling stories... but I knew her hamstring was really bothering her. She made the wise decision to preserve her body and take it easy the rest of the way in, so as another Racing It Off runner, Monica, caught up to us, I headed out with Monica to run with her for the rest of her half. Monica was having tummy troubles, so I'm glad I got to distract her a little for the remainder of the miles. And she finished strong! We all knew we had another day of running ahead, so we all tried to be pretty conservative on the pacing.
Grinning at that idea, he bends over, picks up the folders, drops them back on his desk, and takes three long quick strides to his office door, Just don’t know why; don’t give a hoot anymore. If we could recollect our previous lives… no, be too confusing. Would it? Oh yeah, don’t want to remember previous deaths. He cringes and shakes his head. If they’d only talk to us.
Enjoy the game!
Not everyone was fully with the program. A contingent of Eastern Europeans from (I suppose) southern Brooklyn carried not terribly grammatical signs, such as “Bring Nets.” I asked one woman where she was from. “Ukraine,” she replied enthusiastically.
We walked past the street where the dog got sprayed by a skunk last week when my son was out walking him. He claimed the dog hadn't simply surprised the skunk by getting too close but had actually bitten the creature.
googly eyes or Mr. Potato Head eyes
This is the kind of job to have. Be elected to maintain and improve our Nation, get swamped by letters and blogs and broadcasters from the great majority of Americans pleading with you to attend to the problems, blame each other for doing nothing, and go home to campaign for office again. On top of that, you get paid pretty well to do all of this.
I've learned a lot the last 5 months and 7 days. Much more than I can write about here. Like I said, grief and mourning is a personal journey. It takes you places you never dreamed. Or want to dream about.
To read Scripture as a church is to remember the unfolding history of God’s saving work in the world. When we as a church take time to remember the things that God has done through God’s people, we are reminded of our place as a community – as God’s community of blessing to the world. Reading the Psalms through the lens of Auburn football is certainly not a way to reflect on Christian salvation or some crude way to pronounce God’s blessing solely on my Tigers. With that in mind, though, to read the Psalms in light of one’s participation in a community like the Auburn family is to be able to identify with so many emotions exhibited by the Psalmist in our Scriptures. The seasons of 2008, 2009 and 2010, with the wins, losses, interaction with rivals, faux-scandals and attack from outside sources, gives those of us with orange-and-blue blood a real point of identification when we revisit the Psalms as a people of God. Having experienced many of these ebbs and flows that Nomel has identified teaches us a way of reading Scripture that we might not have thought of before. While we do not read the Psalms and identify Auburn when the Psalmist speaks and Alabama when the “wicked” or “enemy” is identified, this book shows us that we can certainly can identify what many of these Psalms actually feel like.
People have continued to pack up and move to greener job prospects -- the population has been on the decline for over a decade. Nevertheless, people from Grand Rapids didn't take too kindly to a recent Newsweek piece that put G-Rap (its gangsta name) among the nation's top ten dying cities (Flint and Detroit also placed on that list -- not exactly a ringing endorsement for Michigan).
except the rose garden in the towns park!!!!
To that end the New Times has sketched up an intriguing map showing pro Putin and pro Medvedev regions of Russia. It's all rather conjectural, but the speculation is rather fun.
Fifthly, it was surprising that the CBI has so assiduously stuck with last November 2010’s EU Autumn economic forecast for Ireland given the events of the past four months. It wasn’t just the CSO’s bombshell on Wednesday morning – that it was revising up the February 2011 unemployment rate from 13.5% to 14.6%.- which made the CBI’s baseline unemployment rate of 13.4% for 2011 look low, it was keeping the 0.9% GDP projection for 2011 against the background of continuing deposit flight in the banks and the emerging evidence of the effect of deleveraging on the economy. The CBI might say in its defence that the stress testing parameters were signed off in January 2011.
Congratulations to Karen, Ellen, and Catherine! Ladies, please email me your postal addresses at the email on my profile or in my sidebar. Tonight (if I don't hear from them first) I'll be sending emails Karen and Catherine, and dropping a comment onto Ellen's blog. In hindsight, I guess I should have asked for everyone to provide an email address if one wasn't available in their profile or on their blog when I set up the giveaway. Live and learn. :)
Once upon a time, there was a girl who loved a television show called Doctor Who. A man named David Tennant played the role of the Doctor, and a man named Russell T. Davies wrote a lot of the episodes of the television show. The television show was wonderful and marvelous and magical and the girl was happy. Once day, the man who played the Doctor and the man who wrote for the Doctor decided to leave and never return, and the girl was sad, for no one could ever be as good as her Doctor was, especially not that Matt Smith fellow. He looked like someone stretched silly putty over a deflated basketball. But she watched the new Doctor just the same.
... or at least a Lady.
This week we're giving away a surprise pack of three books!! Winner will be chosen from the commenters who leave genuine comments on this week's posts (and be sure to leave your e-mail address)! Winner will be announced next week on the Weekly Pearl!!
Listen live right here at OneCry.com or see if there is a radio station in your area carrying the OneCry prayer summit.
Answers: Yes. I met my girlfriend of three years before I dived into minimalism and there was a growing period for us. We’re still growing together, and I didn’t give her the ultimatum of choosing minimalism or else. Joshua has no comment (he’s way more reserved than I am).
And yet, I know I’ve got a lot to learn, and maybe one day…I’ll write about that to?
I have loved JustRite rubber stamps for a long time, they are just beautiful, and they also have die cutting templates that coordinate with their stamps. I use their stamps in just about every project I make, they have a sentiment for every occasion.
to find her. Back at the North Pole, Sid and his crew accidentally
--plastic pop can tops,
Font jewellery is simplified to bust and can be utilised to tog up or coiffure down. They are easily purchasable and the tracheophyte offered is long. Because they depict arcane symbols and figures, font adornment imparts aprehend of story and silence. Touristed among both the formative and not-so-young, face adornment may be tenebrious, but not dreary; rhetorical, but not tawdry. In fact, it is honourable the opposite: jewelry and the darkside - a hauntingly gloriouspounding.
It's also nice that the movie has sold in Japan and Germany.
Tana Aguirre
About a month and a half ago I bought a new hairbrush - I went to Target and got a Goody Finish Paddle Brush and I really liked it. It was nice and big and didn't hurt when I brushed my hair. A few weeks later though, this happened:
They are in each other all along
Saturday 10:30 -12:00 noon – Main session via Skype with Scott & Daryl
Poured into my two Ommegang goblets, Bramble Rye had virtually no head to speak of.
5. We had the stomach virus! There is almost nothing I hate more! It was the night of the Almost Slumber Party, after we'd gone to bed. I was awakened by Lia, who had come to let me know that Kate was throwing up. I had been having trouble sleeping, so I'd gotten a set of ear plugs and taken a melatonin, which knocks me out. I was so out of it! I managed to get up and walk to their room to find that Kate had indeed thrown up... from off the top bunk! You just can not imagine the mess, the splatter pattern, and I'll spare you the details. All I know is I just stood there not knowing what to do in my half-sleep state. And I may or may not have ruined our vacuum by suggesting Mark vacuum up the solids... Anyway, that was at 12:30 a.m. By 3:30 a.m., I had joined her. Thankfully, Michelle came to the rescue by coming and picking up the other three children that morning, since she'd been thoroughly exposed the night before anyway.
I never.ever.ever skip breakfast. Firstly I cant, because waking up on an empty stomach and going about my day makes me feel physically ill. Secondly, nothing kick-starts ones metabolism and energy churning than a nutritious feed. Studies prove that breakfast really the most important meal of the day;
What are some things you think people should not do?
I love the holy water still resting on her forehead in this shot.
have a lot of crazy stuff that happened on the plane but I tell you about
Investigators said the husband and wife had not lived together for about two months.
Ah, the memories:
If you want me to, I will.
For me, one of the greatest pleasures of my life is knowing other writers, who carry their notebooks like security blankets, and talk about our favorite authors like they're friends we saw on the street earlier, and have portmanteau-making contests over French fries (and are nerdy enough to know what portmanteau means), and who constantly send me emails with subject lines like "i am obsessed with this poem."
With the start of the new year, and a new decade, lots of scrapbookers want to declutter their space so they can feel more productive and FIND things in their spaces. I am taking this time to join in this blog hop and share a page or two that I create with OLD (read: 2007 or earlier) supplies that I've just been hanging onto. I'd love to have you join us! Just go to this blog (Liberty Cottage) and sign up in the McLinky area. Then on February 1st, post a page, or two, and join in the fun! I can't imagine how old some of the supplies are that some of us will be using!!
We found 136 freebies today. Enjoy!
Known to his friends as ‘Master’, Christ burst onto the local Messiah scene three years ago with a series of sermons and alleged miracles. Born under mysterious circumstances in Bethlehem in the year 0, Christ first aroused attention during King Herod’s infamous Christmas Baby Massacre, narrowly escaping with his parents to Egypt. He later came to prominence as a child preacher in the Temple of Jerusalem, before disappearing from the radar during puberty and only returning some eighteen years later.
I have nothing left,
I recently ran across this small & lovely Book "an exchange of letters" between
And since it’s awful close to that week us manly men have patiently waited for, yep, National Offend A Feminist Week, I found an excellent posting from A Voice For Men to start us off with. Here’s an excerpt;
There are hundreds of ways to decorate eggs, but I thought to show you just a few that are fun and easy.
Since I came earlier than the scheduled performance that I wanted to see, I came when 굴소년단 was playing their 2nd song. I have not yet get myself listened to their music before, so I did not really know any of their songs they played that night. They play quite nice with their tune and funny gags from the members, but I did not really enjoy the songs that much. Yet, you may enjoy their tune here.
I said it a few posts back…once I move home my workout habits are going to slowly die. Well, it’s happening. I haven’t gone for a run since my 5K on Saturday. Sunday was graduation, so I didn’t plan on running anyways. Monday it was rainy and gross out, so I skipped the run. Tuesday was also gloomy, so again, I skipped the run.
Selby: What are you going to do with it?
The 41 Golf GTIs were rented from the government's G-Fleet for R19 207 a month each, while 14 BMWs were rented for R18 916 each a month. Official documents indicate the agreement between the department and G-fleet appears to be a flat-rate rental fee.
So I love to read. I mean I have a degree in English with a minor in history, so I would have to love to read. So, today I’m going to talk about the books I’ve read recently. I haven’t done this before but I’ll try to start doing it more often.
Surprisingly I wasn’t late to the flight. The flight was delayed. I’m not really sure how this all working out for the allegedly struggling airlines. They keep charging more and more for each little details (there are rumors that soon even the toilets will soon be not free), so people keep cramming more and more in carry-on. This causing more time to load and unload thus causing delays. How much those delays really cost them? Well, they who make decisions don’t fly coach. Who are paying are the passengers.
I’m enjoying reading your blog but today’s story is making me think that you are more sensationalist then an objective observer. The story clearly said that it was an misunderstanding. Yes, family living outside the area where the school bus is operating is a problem that should be dealt with but it’s not related in any way to what you are trying to make it into. The biggest mistake you can make in this “new phase of a very old war” is to lose credibility.
So why are General Strikes less common in the U.S., with none having taken place since 1946? A big reason is that the notorious anti-labor Taft-Hartley Act passed by the Republican-controlled Congress in 1947 prohibits political and solidarity strikes (along with sit-down and wildcat strikes). It also led to the purge of a great many radicals from the AFL-CIO unions. Ever since then, these mainstream unions and their leaders have largely become loyal partners of the capitalist system willing only to bargain collectively and occasionally, if at all, to risk a strike for somewhat better wages and working conditions. Today, since the economic crisis has hit hard and taken its fearful toll, the number of strikes has fallen to a historically low level, with only five strikes involving more than 1,000 workers in 2009. Nevertheless, while unions may well face fines and jail time under Taft-Hartley, its strictures do not apply to Occupy or other groups that may try to call for a General Strike. Recently, some union leaders have realized they need Occupiers to do things on behalf of workers and the 99% that they feel they cannot openly, legally endorse. In some places as with West Coast dock workers and New York City subway workers, unions have given Occupy actions their sub rosa approval and support. And, as one of my comrades in Occupy Central Vermont has observed, hopefully this year’s May Day General Strike — with various actions to interrupt business-as-usual scheduled for 115 cities across the country — will put some sharper teeth back into the strike tactic in general. Even though a true (and unprecedented) nationwide General Strike against capitalism does not seem to be in the offing this year — it’s more a wishful dream (thank goodness for the dreamers in Occupy!) — with the crisis brought on by the 1% showing no end in sight and the populace angry as hell, May 1st 2012 promises to be a major and perhaps turning point occasion in the history of U.S. class struggle. Don’t miss it!
And always leave your photos without watermarks for magazine publications.
We’ll use this blog to keep everyone updated, jot down notes, collect your ideas and generally see where the conversation heads.
It's a great place to talk people into coming to visit :)
From Health standpoint, consuming of cooked bittermelon reduces risk of diabetics, bloodpressure and diffferent kinds of cancer.
Crunch: 2 sets of 25
last week, i was taking chloe for a quick pee and i noticed a butterfly. oh great, i thought. the season is here. but then i saw another. and another. and they were literally everywhere; as common as the little brown bird. and they're all the black and red suckers. the next day, i took her on a walk and about 3 minutes in, i think i had seen more butterflies than i had in the previous 10 years. it was by far the worst walk of my life and i just wanted to get home. i couldn't even take breaths when i got in and then i vented my frustrations on twitter. i asked dylan, mr environmentalist, what is up with all these butterflies?! have you seen them?! there's got to be a reason! tell me! there's more than normal, i swear i'm not crazy! he said it probably had something to do with the climate, and to that i said, duh. but really, he didn't know. the next day, he posted this article on my facebook wall. basically, this is the gist of the article...
13.FAITH "Subject to Change"
I am hoping to do an interview with them each year, from now on.
The conversations happens all year long online at #ReCodeGood. Charrette discussions will be documented and shared on the PACS website and here. We invite you to participate in all of our electronic discussions and public forums.
Her credentials as a guerilla filmmaker were established through her participation as an uncredited co-director in the collective that made Winter Soldier, about the Vietnam War veterans who returned to the United States to testify about the war crimes that they witnessed and participated in. Virtually every aspect of this film was conceived and executed in opposition to the prevailing orthodoxies of documentary filmmaking and distribution, from its subject matter and unapologetically anti-war stance, to its collaborative and anonymous authorship.
but its ok,
The next morning he woke up fresh as a daisy (me... not so!) and we ventured to Universal Studios!
Back wall and backyard:
“I was in the playoffs seven straight seasons before I got here,” he said. “This has been agonizing. I’m sure you can see it in my face.”
The restoration is painful
This is the time to employ your 'innocent look' and ideally you should appear lethargic.
Laurel nodded and handed the pistol back to the officer. “You two take point. I’ve got the back.” She squeezed beside the two fat men and went back by Violet.
4. Link it pack to the pin where you found the idea.
Beating with stutters and starts
I spent all of last night making pasta and so far all the effort seems worth it. I made two types, one herb pasta and one chili pepper pasta. I used chili pepper pasta for today's lunch. It was SO good! It wasn't necessarily hot but it definitely added to the flavor and I could feel a bit of spice in the back of my throat. It was delicious. I am a bit hesitant about posting the recipe away because I'm currently pondering adding homemade pasta (dried) to my Etsy store and this will be one of them.
Now that it's on the wall, it inspires me to work on it... one block at a time!
The findings were presented at a national meeting of the American Chemical Society in San Diego.
"Frankly", the Foreign Minister replied sharply, "I have not had an opportunity to make categories of unhappiness we have to work, to make it impossible for this to happen in the future in Lebanon."
BLDGBLOG: It would seem that human overpopulation is, in and of itself, turning cities into slums. In other words, no matter what governmental steps or state-based programs are devised to address urban poverty, slums are just a by-product of overpopulation.
Patience grasshopper, it will come to you…in about six months or so.
“Finally! The real story of one of the most bizarre cases in modern crime history. Marilyn Bardsley has nailed it. The movie was Hollywood. The book was…a stretch. After Midnight is the unvarnished truth.”
I admit it. I got up late and scoured my house for pictures for this blogest, and I haven't done any revision today. Aaah! However, yesterday I had met my word count revision goal, and I know I can do the same today. It just might not be until tonight when my kids are in dance class. I did do something I hadn't planned though - I changed the first three chapters (again). However, I managed to do it in a way that will coincide with chapter four pretty nicely. From here on out, it's just polish time.
I feel like I should mention that it started at ten. I suppose this is normal for most people, but I’m usually in pajamas, watching a movie with my best friends Ben and Jerry by that time.
Tiring but fun.The cats are split in two camps- Gibson and Thomasina have retired to two separate drawers in the cupboard and keep themselves to themselves, and Tilda struts the corridors with the two pooches and holds amiable conversations with them: three little shapes in white and black and orange chatting away.
Lena walks to town for a spool of brown wool
Dreamy, gothic, chilling, macabre--these are all words which can be applied to Joanne Owen's first two novels, Puppet Master and The Alchemist and the Angel. They are a hauntingly original blend of the historical with a kind of Angela Carter-esque fantastical absurd. But I think what I like best about Joanne's books is that they are liberally dotted with golden nuggets of folkloric myth. The tales of Central and Eastern Europe are not my field of expertise--Baba Yaga is one of my favourite stories (as it is Joanne's), but that's about as far as it goes for me. So when I met Joanne for the first time this year (we shared a speaking platform at a recent Writeaway conference) my ears pricked up at once when she started talking about Cabinets of Curiosity and Chapels of Bones and, of course, all that Slavic and Czech folklore. It was immediately obvious to me that she would be the perfect person to do a Mythic Friday interview, and after reading her books I'm all fired up to go and find out more about golems and magic hazelnuts and enchanted tree stumps in deep dark forests. No doubt I shall have nightmares for weeks! Welcome to Scribble City Central, Joanne, thanks for visiting and over to you.
She bestows to me her wistful trust,
National spokesperson for Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays, Shelley Argent, said the inquiry would provide an opportunity for the “many thousands” of parents of gay sons and daughters to have their voices heard. Argent urges people interested in supporting the Senate hearing to make submissions by April 2nd.
You might have seen a while back that the first of his progeny arrived a mere three days before Hurricane Irene blew in for a visit.
As far as I’m aware, no-one is suggesting that all hospitals in Wales should have a team of qualified brain surgeons on hand. The annual number of cases simply does not require that level of provision. Generalising from that, it is clear that there is, therefore, a willingness to accept that certain specialised types of care are best provided in a smaller number of hospitals which have the
Hey what do you know - it's day number 8 on the 24 Days of Christmas on The Great Faith Adventure. I am freezing as I sit here typing this - Ella needs to come squeeze in behind me on the chair. Or Sugar. Or Callie. Come on kitty cats, your failing me here. Yep - wimpy native Californian here. Tennessee is going to be real fun for me next year lol
I cried a few times while reading the trilogy..... which always makes for a good story.... to emotionally attach yourself to the story...... those are the best books.
I’ll never forget that day, and I’ll never forget going back into my journal and being amazed at what I found. Exercise was REALLY making a difference!! My moods had steadily improved since I started working out and I was less all over the place. I’m on what my Dr.’s call a “sub-therapeutic” dose for my medications for my Bipolar and anxiety, which basically means what I’m on shouldn’t work in the first place. I have several theories for this:
One of my pet peeves is names copied from Tolkien. Lorien, for those who don’t know, is a land in Middle Earth. The forest of Lothlorien lies close by. Thus, when I saw the name Lorien, I did a facepalm. This was one reason I thought this was written by a kid. Another reason was the large letters on the outsides of the pages. That kind of thing would only be thought up by a new author, and probably by a kid.
So instead Muslims demand various small things knowing that many small separate concessions and accommodations will soon add up to a single big set (when given enough time).
Some packages cannot be sent using USPS (United States Postal Service). USPS is usually the least expensive option for sending packages overseas but there are size and weight limitations for packages. To check mailing conditions and allowed size of packages please check the USPS website.
I'm so thankful to have had you and the others in my life who have believed in me, even when there wasn't anything to believe in but a hope. I have a favor to ask. I'm applying to several graduate schools for my master's degree. I would be so grateful if you could write me a letter of recommendation...
Living without my mom breathing down my neck will probably be fun, even though I barely know how to cook, do laundry, wash dishes, and probably breath for myself. I don't even know where to go shopping for ramen and shit over there. At least my car is fixed and I have a way to drive away at high speeds if things go bad! Wish me luck!
“If today’s reports are to be believed, we would expect the IOC to defend the Olympic Charter and exclude Saudi Arabia from IOC membership and the London 2012 Olympic Games.”
Over on Facebook you will also be inspired by our fabulous Girl Friday Facebook team, with daily projects for the weekly challenges,so it seems like a great time to join us there by 'liking' our page :0)
I don't know about you but when it comes time to help my kids with homework, I would rather go to the dentist. I hate all the whining and crying and everything else that goes with homework (and the kids whine a lot too!). But we have to help our kids - that is part of parenting, or so I'm told. But what happens when you don't know what you are doing and can't help them with their homework? Well, back when we were in school the answer was easy, but not that fun - tutoring. You either had to stay late after school to let your teacher help you or our parents had to pay someone to tutor us, and that doesn't sound cheap to me.
Speaking of Dexter-level wordsmiths, I had to include Rick DeMarinis's Mama's Boy on my 2011 favorite novels list at Ransom Notes even though it weren't technically no mystery book. DeMarinis does write crime, but yeah, it was a stretch to put that particular book on a mystery blog. Please avail yerself of DeMarinis through his novels or short stories (he's got like three collections of shorts - fantastic) and tell your friends and neighbors to as well. He deserves a much more prominent place in the reading public's consciousness. That particular list is, I think, a helluva good showing for the last year. Even with penalizing some of my favorite books like Craig McDonald's El Gavilan, John Rector's Already Gone and Scott Phillips' The Adjustment for their authors having appeared on my 2010 list, it's some strong ass shit. Check it out and tell me what you think.
Pop up Play allows you to carry on watching a video whilst replying to or viewing an SMS, viewing a webpage or whatever else you can think of. The video can pop out into a small screen and be moved around the display depending on your requirements.
I loved debate so much that I continued until college. I entered the Ateneo Debate Society (ADS), the most awarded debate institution in Asia, consistently ranked as part of the top ten best debate institutions in the world. I competed in several national and international debate tournaments. I was champion of the College of Saint Benilde Intervarsity. I got to the semifinals of the National Debate Championships twice, and I also reached the finals. I ended my career going up the stage to receive the United Asia Debating Championship award for fourth best speaker in Asia. As I got up on that stage, Steph said that I looked like I won the Oscars, but on that night, I won something more. I won my battle against my shyness. I won the battle against myself.
Padungtod C, Niu T, Wang Z, Savitz DA, Christiani DC, Ryan LM, Xu X. Paraoxonase polymorphism and its effect on male reproductive outcomes among Chinese pesticide factory workers.Am J Ind Med 1999; 36: 379-387.
List alternate methods of contact in your ads, such as your e-mail address and toll-free telephone number, to give your prospects choices on how to move forward toward a purchase from you.
This sura begins rather innocuously with the Jewish Problem, but the words against the Jews soon begin to heat up. For example, the Jews are ‘iniquitous’. That is, they are bad, wicked and sinful. Not only that, but the Koran, or Mohamed, soon stops talking about ‘some Jews’ and starts talking about ‘Jews’ and ‘them’ or ‘their’.
Those were the hay days for Britannica.
BLOOD TIES was published in 2008 and was longlisted for the Carnegie Medal, it was also:
Of course, all of this applies in politics too. And people take it seriously!
For two people who never get sick to both catch something on the trip is annoying. Saturday evening we skipped the entertainment at the rally because I just did not feel like trekking back and forth in the dark. The neighbors here who also were at the rally said they did the same thing. In my case I had not been sleeping well for a couple nights and decided it was just too much stimulation in the evenings and then the cold walk back to the coach awakened me. I am so accustomed to my quiet reading time an hour or so before bedtime that my mind and or body were rebelling at the absence of quiet.
‘That shouldn’t be too difficult, since act like you were born in the gutter.’
A lifesize bronze statue commanded my full attention!
So my shelf-filler choice was a shoebox.
ADD in all remaining ingredients and pulse until combined
Or maybe some contemporaries like:
You can find more details about how to assemble these here. This time around I wizened up a little and painted the edges/corners of the canvas before I got started. It was driving me nuts that there were little bits of white peeking through on the other photo canvases.
Andrew and I might have a foreign exchange student from Brazil come stay with us for 3 months! How cool would that be.....
He also asked officers who arrested and searched him: “Do you like feeling Pakis up?”
- 2 Sargento Light string cheese snacks: I only eat 1 because this brand tastes a bit saltier than the Polly-O brand. But it’s still good! Go for either brand. Any food you can play with is a distraction, plus the protein battles mid-afternoon hunger cravings.
Meth teeth sure are sexy.
- a range of lenses to allow wider views or more reach than a typical point and shoot
We served the egg nests with bacon and a nice romaine salad…
Johannson adds that Obama is making the same argument on behalf of Obamacare. “If he had the gall to actually tell the Supreme Court that they have no authority to determine the unconstitutionality of his illegitimate policies, what makes anyone think he believes they have the authority to disqualify him due to his lack of constitutional eligibility? Obama believes he holds preeminent power over all branches of government because of his delusions of political grandeur.”
Auster has written some more. No answer to my points. He is more interested in speculating about my pseudonym. Really. He says my thinking works like an anti-semitic computer program.At the core of the program is the false epiphany: “Now I see it! The Jews are responsible for everything that has gone wrong with the West, the Jews are the enemy, and everyone is covering this up, and I alone have the courage to reveal this truth and call the Jews to account.”So he thinks I’m an automaton. An inferior whose arguments he must exaggerate in order to make them sound unserious. I think this means I will not be getting any substantive answer.
My skin appeared dry today and I was tired, so I decided to pamper myself. With a cucumber and limes in the refrigerator, plus a full jar of honey in the cabinet, I decided to whip up a nice soothing facial for myself. One that heals, softens and moistures my skin, while promoting new cell growth. Just in time for the spring sunshine.
And I began collecting and amassing toys that were still in their packaging. I proudly displayed them on my wall. I would routinely make sure they were dusted and unaffected by anything that would potentially affect their value. I used thumb tacks and pin them to my wall. The tack would then but used as a hanger to slip the packaging onto. (I never punctured the packaging at all.)
So one time my dad didn’t turn over when my mom told him to but said instead that he’d turn over when he damn well pleased. He thought the heat was clearing up the acne on his back. He didn’t really start to smell like frying bacon until they were on their way home.
And I love the addition of the buttons. Look at the detail below of the white baby buttons dangling from each blossom and the yellow daisy buttons in each corner. Our bleeding hearts are the pride of the garden right now.
Belly Button in or out? Innie
On another note, while I was wearing this yesterday somebody told me, “I really like that thing.” while pointing to this vest. My response? “Really? I HATE it!” She looked at me, obviously confused, and I had to explain how I am trying to wear clothes that I don’t really like… At this point I think she was even more confused… Next time, I think a simple, “thank you” will suffice.
Reflecting upon that kind of scenario does make one wonder about the kind of parents that would do such a thing to their young, innocent and impressionable child. But the answer to that particular question became readily apparent a few moments later when the kid’s father came strolling up the hiking path dressed in virtually the same idiotic nerdy outfit as his son.
“Actually, I have a question,” replied Marlene. “Some of the herbs I’ve been reading about on-line are known by folk names that sound scary like Bat’s Blood; but in reality are actually herbs.”
At other times, either teacher chooses literature that connects to the curriculum and plans an exciting connecting lesson, which can be exciting for the classes. I am going to review a little of both today... and share some awesome ideas I have had for a while. It may work well for one of you!
I told of my pregnancy with her. I teared up when I recounted the diagnosis of death we were given for her. I told the full story of my last weeks of pregnancy, of the days of laboring to birth her, in peace, at home. Of her flight to heaven on the wings of angels. Of cleaning her still body. Of dressing her. The pain of taking her to the hospital, to the officials.
And especially as you have finished batches you need to flour them so they don't stick together as they are sitting on the bench.
Even if they got a nice advance, say $100,000, they'd still be losing money hand over fist.
No temptation has overtaken you but such as is common to man; and God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able, but with the temptation will provide the way of escape also, so that you will be able to endure it. 1 Corinthians 10:13
The way he stood,
“I want them here at 11 a.m. tomorrow,” Mr. Obama told reporters. “They are going to have to explain to me how it is that we are going to avoid default.”
As the hour wore on, I was surprised at both my ability to keep the conversation going and in my personal openness. Jack was sweet, kind, and polite. He had this charming way of being both boyish and gentlemanly. At the end of the night, I walked Jack to my building’s front door. “What are you up to this week?” he inquired. “Working, volunteering, and I’m going to a bunch of concerts. Radiohead and Andrew Bird.” His eyes lit up with excitement. “I’ve been trying to see Radiohead for years! I’m so jealous!” I laughed and told him I would let him know how it was. I hugged him goodnight, unsure if he, or I, was interested in more than just that.
That command to go to the Gentiles could not be found anywhere in the, then, revealed Scripture. God had to communicate something new. But now, all the revelation of the Bible is complete and we are expressly warned not to add to it.
We started the day off with a big breakfast, then headed out to play some golf.
Why I did not write this book in 1992? Now I understand the secrets of Allah. I started writing it 20 years ago but why did it take so long to finish it? Because there is a time for everything. If I had written it 20 years ago, then America would not have been in Afghanistan at that time. That lesson and advices would have been lost which we desperately need today. At that time it would have been just another tale and not a counsel. Allah had ordained this time. For 20 years, I was prepared through experiences that have now become the part of this book. In the Muslim Ummah, in fact, in the whole world, there is not a single book on Afghan jihad like this one. Thousands of pictures captured in the Afghan jihad had been with us for the last 25 years. During this time, we also shifted a lot, so only Allah knows how they survived up till now. These are rare pictures and have never been published before anywhere in the world. Then, some pages from our diaries and all related records were retrieved in the last couple of months miraculously. It was obvious that we had extra-ordinary Divine help at hand. Alhamdolillah, Allah has given a loyal and loving team to us who worked for the sake of Allah and only He can repay their efforts. Their contribution for the Ummah is great indeed. Men depart but this Sadqa jariya will remain.
I used a needle to create tiny holes in the pine needle and cloves bags, but all of the other scents easily permeated their bags and needed no piercing.
The tide rolls in and the tide rolls out and you hope like hell not to get caught up in the undertow.
1. getting up at 5:15am
Warning! Ask for more rice before you having the Claypot sliced pork belly with salted fish, another signature dish at Oversea. With the dried chilli and salted fish, this thinly sliced pork belly goes well with white rice as the sauce is so savoury.
Last week we had Karl Singporewala in AUCB to speak to the students of Interior Architecture & Design, along with Architecture, about his work both in the office and out. Karl spoke about his work on the design team for a new research centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour at the University College London (large scale project) and then spoke of a (small scale project) sculptural project for a client’s private garden where he designed and built a modern sundial. Karl also shared his personal work with us, speaking of his entries to the Royal Academy of Arts Summer Exhibition, and gave the students a first look at this year’s entry. After the talk, Karl joined us back in the studio to assist on the crit panel for the first year’s final presentation.
There wasn’t any sign of the snake. But the guard showed Shankar holes in the ground around the station. He said: You might as well know. You’re very lucky. Your predecessor left because of the snakes. The two previous ones died of snake bite in this very station. In Africa, black mamba is more feared than lions. Apply for a transfer man. And please, don’t tell anyone that I told you about this.
as you smile
Salt: according to taste
And there reposes to her heart's content;
No doubt due to the fine fabric, the shirt feels light, but sturdy. Construction is excellent, though there are a few thread issues here and there that the average person wouldn't notice; I never did.
Speaking of not being bothered so much, my state of mind has improved greatly since the last posting. Partly, I think, this is because we have a plausible plan that avoids the death of a thousand cuts on my leg. The fact that spring is busting out all over is also very helpful. However, I also think that Dr. C‘s notice positive things regime is helping a lot. I have been recording good stuff faithfully on a daily basis for about a month now and life does seem pretty good. OK, OK: I know many of you will be like “That’s what I said two years ago”, but at least I seem to be getting there. Patience please, my friends.
- Dr. John C. Maxwell
As we all know, Albert Pujols is in a major slump. He hasn’t hit a home run, and is hitting sub-.250. He’s got 4 RBI’s…Nobody knows what’s wrong with him so far this season. To be honest, I’m glad he’s in this slump. I’m happy because he left, no, abandoned the Cardinals with such a money-first attitude. He wasn’t concerned with winning more rings and staying loyal to his team. Nope, everyone says it’s a business. Follow the money…
A little background...Mom and Dad were both in the hospital that year. Dad passed away just a couple of months after this letter was written.
Of late, interference in the work of judges has been taken a step further by David Cameron, a Prime Minister whose understanding of the Constitution makes Alistair Campbell look like Walter Bagehot by comparison. I must confess to having been, for once, speechless when Cameron three weeks ago offered us all his ‘considered’ opinion on judges and privacy laws in the Daily Mail:
Dear god, if that was me at 90, I’d want to kill myself. I’d probably want to kill myself if that was me at 40.
I sat looking outside the window, watching the sky, the stars, the moon and by the way in such a time where all the later are included is a spectacular moment.
We went last night. Thursdays are great -- small lines, all beers are still flowing, port-o-potties still clean. I know they always run out of some, but I was suprised that at 5:30 on Thursday they were on their last keg of the collaborator (don't know if it was for the night or the weekend). My tasting notes are at home, but here are my picks based on memory. Quotes are taken from Exploration of Portland Food and Drink, where I did a little research beforehand (what can I say, I'm a nerd and love reviews/stats).
Turn them when they are browned after about 3 to 4 minutes.
With Cape Town being named as the 2014 Design Capital, focus is falling on the design field, where South Africa is arguably behind in comparison to the international design market.
I’m glad this task is on the list, because it is definitely something I need to do. I have to text my mom for addresses all the time. With that said, I’m still slowly finding all the addresses I want to have at hand, so this one is a work in progress.
After about fifteen minutes Shawn decided to come down, scaling the side of the chimney in the same manor that he scaled it up in. One skate after the other with both arms wrapped around the bricks until he got to the ground.
But aside from counting our blessings and the days left until departure, we’ve been working on the necessary details that need to be addressed before such a big life change. Amanda has, of course, been working on her Spanish; she’s doing really well, and is picking everything up very quickly. A little while ago we submitted our updated resumes and some Peru-specific essays to our Country Desk; no surprises there. And just last week, we shipped off our carefully-filled-out applications for our Peruvian visas and our diplomatic passports from the State Department. Yes, that’s right: diplomatic passports. BE JEALOUS.
2. Just listen to him talk; he tells you to do something - you'll involuntarily do it.
KYLE WALKER (Tottenham): He’s fast, strong and a committed full-back. With his Pace and stamina down the flanks, he’s the definition of a modern-day full-back. Harry Redknapp has unearth a diamond in Walker. The 21-year old has been a revelation this season churning out very good performances for the north London side on his way to winning the Premier League Football Association’s Young Player of the year award. His performances have not gone unnoticed as he also earned recognition at international level with the England national team.
Happy Today!
Fresh Flavors
and I want it now...
I made this sleigh using a template I bought from Sandra's Scrapshop. She has some UH-MAZNG stuff there!! This won't be the last time I buy from her I'm sure!! It did however, almost end up in the garbage a few times. LOL!!
Oh light, oh love, oh light
He added that he doesn't have any trouble reading or writing words and that he's not alone. Damien Barber, of The Demon Barber Roadshow, is in the same boat, as - he said - is Ralph McTell.
1.Heat up oil in a wok. Add ginger, star anise, Cinnamon stick and (A) and sauté till fragrant. Add tomato puree and fresh tomato cubes. Stir-fry for a while.
I didn't have to wear a false moustache and a hat pulled well down over my face in order to get into Monday's forum. No, I was invited - AFTER I told the press office that I was writing a piece for Anne's website.
The results are beautiful pictures like this, showing the steady beam of the Vela Pulsar as the Fermi Gamma-Ray Space Telescope tumbles across the sky. The telescope orbits Earth every 90 minutes.
White Cranberry Juice
It gets annoying. No matter how many times I tell him I'm not giving him any more advice until I see a paycheck from CBS with my name on it, he keeps calling.
consequence. AIDS was just a warning.
I got into Louisville about 8:20, and holed up in my hotel room till about half an hour after the UK/UofL game was over...and then went out to get a beer. I walked down to the Bluegrass Brewing Company taproom on 4th Street, dropped at the bar, and after considering the sessiony Altbier...went for the Duppy Conqueror, which they described as a "Belgian porter." Tasted more like a roasty dubbel, but hey, there's crossover territory there. Had one more -- a 7.5% Rye IPA that was spicy/hoppy, but maybe a bit heavy for my tastes; I like rye IPAs a bit crisper -- and then called it a night; it was a long day of driving.
"I want to make I-Spy Jar like I saw in Ana's School for my friend now, Mama", he stated with finality.
Ele: "Mama, I've seen them, and they have seeds, I know these things."
There are a few people I know what they like. My stepdad and dad have a few authors in common, and my stepdad also likes books like Harry Potter, Percy Jackson and even found the Hunger Games interesting. My sister reads the most and loves YA. One of her favorite authors is Tamora Pierce and she loves reading both fantasy and realistic fiction. She has a Nook now and adores it. However, my two stepsisters... I had no idea what they read or if they read. I know one may not have time right now with her new career as a nurse and the other, well I texted her because I was curious.
Marc and Liz were in our room talking and I couldn't listen I was so focused on contractions.
Kuih Kosoi
Waikato 64.5% to 62.6% (197,100 to 189,000)
Serve in individual glasses, it is the most delicious sweet. Mrs. R Johnstone, Kirkcudbright, Scotland.
I have outlined this in The Limits of Our Creation as a logical point and will expand upon that here. First things first is the going over of what should be done with the decision at the State and local levels by following the natural logic of 'viability' to its conclusion, and I will draw upon my previous verbiage here:
Nelly
You can get Diorshow Blackout at Sephora!
That was music to my ears.
I loved The Midwife, which is the memoir of a young nurse that trains and practices as a midwife in 1950′s in London’s East End. Jenny Lee works out of a convent that provides nursing/OB/GYN services to the poverty-stricken neighborhood. Through reading this book, I met the naughty (or senile?) nun that eats at least half of a cake intended for the entire convent. I also met the pig-enthusiast nun who assures the janitor that rough pig intercourse is normal, as they observe it. I also learned the secret to a happy marriage, even after 24 children!
peanut butter cup banana bread that is amazing. I'm thinking about doing a Cadbury
How much water to drink? Everyone is different. The standard recommendation is at least eight 8 ounce glasses daily. If you workout you need more! If you use caffeine, alcohol, or a lot of sugar, DRINK MORE. Everyone is different so take time to learn what works best for you!
Finally I cut down the Dahlias and, rather than lifting them as I did last year, I’ve covered the tubers in some spent potato compost which I’m hoping will insulate them enough to get them through the winter. And the girls had a great time digging in the mounds of soil.
Artist Mark Wallinger won the 2007 Turner Prize, one of Britain’s most coveted art awards, for a replica of Haw’s anti-war protest. He recreated the peace banners, flags and plastic shelters inside London’s Tate Britain art gallery for the work, called State Britain.
1339 **D-II/20/2000. “Abraham Lincoln’s Autobiography (1860).” An Introduction to Abraham Lincoln (Item B-10 (1999), above.) Seminary Cooperative Bookstore, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(9), above, pp. 116-37.)
Today's card base is Cranberry Crisp layered with White Cardstock then Mantle Patterned Paper stitched around the edge. The shadow layer is Mellow Moss. The image was printed on White Cardstock and colored in using copic markers. I stitched around the edges then wrapped white lace around the card base. To embellish the card I added two paper flowers arranged with an oak leaf and pine branches punched from Mellow Moss cardstock and finished off with a large clear jem. I also added a small clear jem in the corners of the image.
It's just that I SO VERY MUCH want to meet her.
To "GrandmaGracie"....
Gerardo: I know a guy named spider.
Dilla’s programming method was almost a drunken style: heavy on rhythm and percussion and, more often than not, slightly off-beat. It was beautiful yet bizarre, the way he could seamlessly twist and manipulate sounds in his favor, making them his own. The man was a wizard behind the boards.
So were the flowers and note I had just been given
I appreciate that the film spent time (briefly) talking about the business of adoption, how the babies were commodities in a chain of supply and demand. I’m also pleased the first mothers talked about the eternal loss they suffered when their babies were taken from them. It’s truly heart-wrenching.
fingers over closed eyelids.
After meeting Chesimard, who is black, Marable wrote;
She came back to the pub the following night, and the night after......
That one guy and I were starting, I thought, to get serious. It was must have been NYE ’07, and I had never cared for New Years, but was excited to ring this one in with this wonderful new man in my life. I’d also never purchased lingere before, like, pretty, sexy lingere. SO I went to Victoria’s Secret, picked up a sexy little thing, and then went and got 3 bottles of champagne, because I figured that was about how much I would need to get the courage to wear the lingere. I had plans to go to a party with friends from high school, but was going to meet up with my man before the stroke of midnight. Because I’m not completely stupid I remained sober while at that party, because I knew I would have to drive to his house later on in the evening and I had no intention of letting a DUI spoil my evening. But, midnight came and went, and I was still at my party. Calls and texts went unanswered. I ended up driving home around 1:30 in the morning and sleeping solo. Happy Fucking New Year. The next morning, on my way to open the shop I picked up orange juice to go with the 3 bottles of champagne I had in my trunk. I also tossed the little pink bag carrying the unworn lingere. Burning it would have been more satisfying, but explaining the flaming heap of black lace would have been difficult. I still had no new messages, missed calls, and I stopped checking. I put my phone in my purse, rather than it’s usual spot in my pocket. I was beyond caring at this point. I popped the first bottle of champagne. I would end up drinking two of the 3 bottles that day. I wound up on the hood of my car for a while. Just laying there in the nice January sunshine, feeling sorry for myself. He showed up later that afternoon. I had become comfortably numb. He approached me outside, and I just turned around and walked back in. He came to the counter, I answered the phone. We did this little dance for a few minutes and he finally gave up and left. Anyone in their right mind would have stuck with the silent treatment I already had going. I however, was not in my right mind. I was in love.
Mr Poncelet has become a succesful artist and his paintings are sought throughout the world. His unique paintings have been exhibited at many leading galleries.
Next up, I think I'll match a few of these ideas up against my 'criteria for a good campaign' and see which one has the most promise.
Date Finished: 5-16-2012
J M Coetzee is in line to win a remarkable third award should he prove successful when the winner is announced on Tuesday 6th, October at London’s Guildhall. The winning author will receive £50,000 and can look forward to greatly increased sales and worldwide recognition. Each of the six shortlisted authors, including the winner, receives £2,500 and a designer bound edition of their own book.
Meeting with God in His presence will change your life. Jacob, as we will see next week, limped away after his encounter with God which was an outward reminder of his meeting with God and inwardly the limp was a reminder to walk humbly before God. Moses had a face that shone after his encounter with God which was a reminder to him and to everyone else of the ways God worked in Moses life. Saul became Paul and was called to ministry and Peter was given a new commission as we will see later. You will be changed – that is something that all of us need – we need to be changed by God! God wants to change each of us – will you allow him to do it?
interested only in one's own affairs; selfish. She's too self-centred to take any interest in my troubles.
The average American family of four spends $727 a month on food -- but you can spend substantially less and still be healthy.
I've been making mixed media paintings on canvas. This one is finished and it was such a lovely sunny day yesterday I thought I'd take its photo in the garden amongst the flowers! The forget-me-nots and aubretia look so pretty at the moment and have started to spread between the cracks in the path, much to my delight!
Lining and an embroidered monogram later, and the vest was complete. The Manhattan-finished garment had come a long way from its humble, wild and muddy beginnings.
Growing up, I have fond memories of my father as the family photographer. The worn leather strap of his Leica hung from his shoulder throughout our family travels. He photographed our family, doing ordinary things in extraordinary places, and he brought that world back home for us through slides projected onto our living room wall.
And then it was Saturday, time to hit up the Hester Street Fair again. Still a great place, met up with a new friend, strolled through the place, ate an empenada, got my cucumber-mint lemonade on and grabbed a Fatty’s Cake cookie (OMG, SO GOOD).
It has to begin with my Intention. What is it I really want? Then, turning it over to the Universe to guide, to show me the way. After all, the Universe is far more ingenious than I am!
vintage tag
My card also fits this week's Twisted Tuesday challeng found here. This week's challenge is to create a card using flowerrs, but the twist is that we were not allowed to use roses or rosettes. What a fun challenge this week! Who doesn't like flowers, right?!!
Against the scientific prejudice.--The biggest fable of all is the fable of knowledge. One would like to know what things-in-themselves are; but behold, there are no things-in-themselves! But even supposing there were an in-itself, an unconditioned thing, it would for that very reason be unknowable! Something unconditioned cannot be known; otherwise it would not be unconditioned! Coming to know, however, is always "placing oneself in a conditional relation to something" one who seeks to know the unconditioned desires that it should not concern him, and that this same something should be of no concern to anyone. This involves a contradiction, first, between wanting to know and the desire that it not concern us (but why know at all, then?) and, secondly, because something that is of no concern to anyone IS not at all, and thus cannot be known at all.--
“Games are won and lost in the midfield,” he said. “Most of the game is fought and played in the midfield and that’s where you keep possession of the ball. Having such a strong midfield helps us keep possession and that’s key to our philosophy — not taking risks, just keeping the ball and waiting for opportunities to happen.”
Here is the final product.....
When I bought my entertainment center equipment, I did open up a Best Buy credit card. It wasn’t that I didn’t have the money, but I didn’t want to spend all that money at one time. The card offered me one to three years of no interest (dependant on the total cost), as long as I continued to make payments. With everything I bought, I ended up with three years of no interest. What I ended up doing was calculating my payments so that I could pay it off in half the time (1.5 years). This gave me enough time to pay it without having to worry about hitting the three years. If I had an emergency during one month, I could pay less and continue my payments the following month. During tax return seasons, I usually paid a bit more to get it paid off even sooner.
They say they're learning
Think through your work experiences and use them as a basis for personal experience articles. Use what God teaches you to take your readers on your journey so they can grow, too.
"like you dont know"
Centuries ago, hazy was hawsey. A nautical term, it somehow got connected to the German word hase, or hare. Superstitious folk refused to let a dead hare aboard a fishing boat. And curses on the sailor that even mouthed the word while at sea. But in Old English, hazy’s origin was the word hasu, meaning gray or dusky.
Join up, join in, just come along
I did not heed Mary's advice to plan out my project on paper, though. I am too impatient, so I just started priming and painting , flying by the seat of my pants..
Where was I...
“I’m mad,” Ran-Hanuel said as he pushed his body up against hers. He swept the cap from her head and buried his fingers into her tresses. “Why does the sight of you all dressed up like one of the fellows turn me on?” He lowered his head and began kissing her passionately.
The other good news is that I got a letter this morning from the Physio department of the hospital. Strangely it just asked me to call them to make an appointment – makes you wonder why they wrote – why not just ring me? Anyway, I rang as instructed but just got an ansaphone – I left a message but I haven’t had a call back! Ho hum.
16. She Ain't Home
We’re certainly going to see more studies like this one, either from Île aux Coudres or from other regions of French Canada. In general, French Canadian communities are ideal for the study of human microevolution. Records of births, marriages, and deaths are remarkably complete over a span of three centuries, and the inhabitants tended to stay put in the same locality generation after generation. For several regions of Quebec, we already have complete genealogical databases that could be enriched with genetic data for the most recent generations.
Free Henry! – 11:00 p.m. - Mr. Goodbar
The BJCP style guidelines describe American IPA as “a decidedly hoppy and bitter, moderately strong American pale ale.” We chose the style because, though it originated in England, it’s become ubiquitous here. Employing lively American hops that give the beer its distinctive character, ranging from citrusy, floral and fruity to resinous, piney and even a note some tasters are prone to call “cat box,” American craft brewers have made IPA their own.
Christians are very often persecuted not for their Christianity, but for lack of it.
The show’s producer and creator Dan Curtis, who was also behind the cult telefilms The Night Stalker and Trilogy of Terror, definitely had a knack for TV horror. He also definitely knew how to cast — one of the lingering joys of Dark Shadows is its cast, who continue to appear at the conventions that honor the show, and who have aged incredibly well (most of the cast members look as if maybe two decades or so have passed since the series bit the dust; instead it’s been exactly 40 years).
Breeders will be blessed with a taxpayer funded cash handout of $820 or $410 a schoolchild to parents eligible for the family tax benefit.
SAP Workflow
OPEN the zipper.
Singapore should be focusing on luring prospective migrants from these two provinces instead of allowing Chinese from all across the mainland to come here.
April 3 news blurb about our own Guns, Gams, and Gumshoe’s Colleen Collins: Kindle Nation Daily Bargain Book Alert: Colleen Collins’ THE ZEN MAN is Our eBook of the Day at just 99 Cents, with 4.2 Stars on 8 Reviews, and Here’s a Free Sample! http://bit.ly/HbFZvX
Movin’ In – Heinz
that go with you
Mrs Maple didn’t show surprise when he’d laid out his proposal over the third coffee refill and instead just nodded and motioned for him to follow her to the back where a large pile of newly felled logs waited to be cut into fire wood. Obadiah gave her a grateful smile, showing 2 good teeth right in the middle of his mouth and black holes in the rest of it. Mrs Maple pointed to where a chopping block with the axe stood and without a word hobbled off.
332 ***7. "A Closer Look at the 1843 tale 'A Christmas Carol.'" Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, December 21, 2000. See, also, ibid., p. 2. (Sources: Item D-XII/12/1975, below;Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 123-41 (1983).)
Why not?
Here's really what I want to say to this girl and the adults who taught her to hate:
was this Mary - the Divine Feminine, as Mother Earth?
God has blessed me!
probably the best known form of poetry, there are actually two types of haikū ~ traditional and modern.
Here are some examples:
But if I were to do a Christmas Card, I think I would put this cute little face on it!
Although the increased size benefited those engaged in long distance trade, improving speed, cargo space and fuel efficiency, the larger sizes were increasingly difficult to accommodate by older shipyards and locks.
Usually, I’d just try not to think about anything. Because it’ll allow me to forget everything that happened.
Clayton says that even nine years after launching the business, he still revisits his original business plan every year to tweak his marketing budgets, analyze his goals and make sure he’s set to tackle the upcoming year.
And I will always love you.
In the meanwhile, he was elected as mayor of Alexandra, in the mid 80s. This however did not sit well with a substantive percentage of the people of Alexandra and in 1985, his house was bombed and the pressure was taking a toll on his family. After consultation with the then political prisoner and now ex-President, Nelson Mandela, he decided to quit politics and in 1987 he was again elected the Moderator of the General Synod of the Dutch Reformed Church in Africa, which in 1994, led to the establishment of the Uniting Reformed Church in Southern Africa, to which he was elected as the Vice-Chairperson (Assesor) of the General Synod.
GT class: This most popular class amongst car manufacturers traditionally receives the most support: Slightly modified standard sports cars with 440 to 500 hp and a minimum weight of 1,245 kilograms (e.g. Porsche 911 GT3 RSR).
I have given up on trying to get a better photo as we have forgotten what the sunshine looks like in our area at the moment!! I am hoping that will change this weekend :)
There is a bull that loves the land,
in perfect time with the
18.Rev. J.O. Hanes And Choir / The Great Transaction's Done
In time we found the tent and its occupants - a man, his wife and three children, they scrawny, barefoot, clothed raggedly and dirty. I cannot say what transpired as the grownups talked together. I do remember how hesitant and at times sullen the father was as the neighbors spoke with him. I recall that Mrs. Stanton had nothing to say and seemed very cowered. In time I understood why she was so.
Day 130 – April 30
I can't remember my first ever story, as I've been writing stories since I was about four years old. I remember winning a prize at school for writing a story about Enid Blyton when I was seven though.
9.If you could be any literary character for a day, who would you be?
It is believed that the grassed area around the Chapel was used as a burial ground. Several memorial slabs and coffin lids are located on this site, the memorial slabs dating from the seventeenth century. The chapel is believed to have been destroyed by fire in 1690 and never rebuilt. However, the coffin lids are substantially older than this, i.e. possibly thirteenth century. Other evidence suggests that the site is much older with Roman influence including an altar. This altar is now in the Newcastle University Museum of Antiques.
Ruby Cole knows the world has gone wrong when the government pays hunters to kill birds she loves to count. They rationalize the kills on a deadly flu fever blamed on birds, but do nothing about dust storms, fires and deadly felonious activity. Her Colorado no longer has room for a Moon Bird or for that matter her.
The book Horton Hears a Who has a lesson, and it tells us that nobody is too small, every little bit counts. But if we keep thinking that all our efforts are useless, then we’re hopeless. A pathetic waste of human kind. We all have a voice, let’s use it. I ask you to pretty please help me with this and spread the word. It won’t matter what you do, maybe tell everyone you see on the street, maybe write a blog post, maybe just post it on Facebook. Just do something.
At Christmas time it's hard
Mama (on the other end of the phone): "*insert distant freaking out*"
The new illusions are just as absurd as the old.
We stayed at the Downtown Courtyard on Penn Ave. There were lots of other Sox fans there too, along with a few prickly Pirates, and THE FURRY PEOPLE.
I fasten it with a silver clip.
spelling, science, physical fitness, teacher's pets ( Did I say that? ) . . . . . .
“This semester I am taking six classes, which completes my BA of science at SPC. It is definitely stressful, but doable. As the end of the year approaches not only do I have to worry about exams, but also projects and a research paper due on the last day of classes. All of the assignments during this time of the semester weigh a big percentage on your final grade and at times it gets difficult to keep up with,” said Ryan Breval a senior at SPC.
The referral arises from Solvay v Honeywell Fluorine Products Europe (Case No. 09-2275). It concerns Solvay's patent for a method of preparing 1,1,1,3,3-pentafluoropropane, in force in a number of countries. Solvay alleges that its patents to this method are infringed in several countries by three Honeywell companies. Two of these companies are Dutch and one is Belgian.
I've mentioned saaru pudi (saaru powder/rasam powder) in many of my recipes here. I finally get to post it, since my mother is here and I finally got to see how she made it. (Yeah, I still get my powders from mom!) :) Saaru, for us, is not just watery rasams but also can be thicker, with or without vegetables, with or without lentils. This powder is used in the above as well as in some gojjus and palyas. I've used them in some curries too.
Hobsbawm’s main argument is that this period witnessed a massive advance in the world economy, in industrial capitalism, in the social order it represented, and in the ideas and beliefs which seemed to legitimize it – science, progress and liberalism. The study is divided thematically with a prelude focusing on the Revolutions of 1848, part one examining the social, economic, and political developments of the time, and part two exploring the results of these developments. According to Hobsbawm, who is an affirmed Marxist, 1848 sets the tone for this period and it is primarily the failure of the revolutions that enable capitalism’s advancement. Hobsbawm understands the revolutions as heterogeneous with each nation desiring a different political outcome; however, he also suggests that the revolutionaries throughout Europe consisted of the laboring poor whose demands frightened the liberals and the moderates into negotiations and agreements with the old regimes. Thus, for the author, 1848 failed because the confrontation was not between old regimes and progress but between order and social revolution and the liberal moderates preferred order.
is a black
Jensen, Derrick "Endgame: Volume I – The Problem of Civilization"
This is a battle for the survival of American morals/values and the fact is, there’s no time to waste.
“Ojala que no lluve,” I told him as I looked up. It looked like it was going to rain, but that made the scene even more spectacular.
Everything seemed to be going well UNTIL I had to test my blood to check for sufficient iron. Verdict? Low….. Failed!!!! Urghhh….
::: being home. I think this was the best decision we could have made. Just being home together was just perfect.
I know sometimes I may not be the easiest person to get along with, and so that’s why I made the decision to tell her right away that I was angry. I explained why I was angry and I decided to give myself a time limit to stay angry and then move on.
Him, making me feel deader, number
TM 18 - Counter
I love you in the shadow of love
I was up bright and early this morning to see my oldest son off on a paintballing mission. Where do they get their energy? I felt exhausted even thinking about it! No-one else was stirring, so I popped over to the Less is More site to see what Chrissie and Mandi have up their sleeves today... and found that the challenge is to make a one layer card using exactly three stamps. This is exactly the kind of thing I like! Come and see my card:
Mostly because almost all of them are ideas from you guys:)! I will have the winners of the digis posting their creations tomorrow as well as a coupon;) for all of you lovely ladies!:)
1.1. One question is our mind here in BigDogDotCom: Why was Selangor State Exco for Local Government Ronnie Liu was so frantic looking for Teoh’s notebook PC and handphone to a point where he broke the door at the Tuanku Ampuan Rahimah Hospital mortuary?
Why did the indie band cross the road?
Instead of coming up with a generic and stereotypical list of the qualities of an ideal and unrealistic man, I’m studying what it takes to be a better man, and better yet, doing what it takes to become a better man.
Chicago businesswoman Penny Pritzker, national campaign finance chairwoman for the Obama campaign, has taken herself out of the running to be secretary of commerce, a Democratic official said.
The party turns out to be very pleasant as rich, white people are wont to throw very pleasant parties. It’s hard for anyone not to feel pleasant when one is stuffing one’s face with free alcohol and expensive cheeses.
Non-exclusive licensee should insist on this clause. It provides that should the licensor grant another licence to a third party on more favourable terms, the more favourable terms will then apply to the first licensee. Normally, the licensor is reluctant to incorporate such a clause, especially if the technology is likely to be licensed to several parties, but the licensee should insist on it. In granting such a provision, the licensor will probably want a definition of “more favourable terms”.
Find a job you’d be happy doing, so you can pay for the things you really want to be doing.
***PLEASE WATCH YOUR SPAM/JUNK EMAIL FOLDER if you have one! Many times I have received multiple requests from the same person over and over only for them to later find all of the emails I sent to them in their spam/junk folder.
What can you win here? Paranormalcy by Kiersten White
Have things changed a lot for me, for you, over the past year?
The judgment noted that composition is affected by the angle of the shot, the field of view, and computer manipulations which are made in post processing. It ultimately held that Photo 1 is an artistic work as either a photograph or a collage (on the basis that the sky was digitally removed and replaced with white and therefore the image could be an electronic collage).
As a troop we have sold over 2,000 boxes of cookies! That is $1,400 for the troop to spend! We still have another booth coming up this weekend and another month of cookie sales ahead of us. We are so proud of all of our little sales girls!
This post is going to stay short, because I am writing on the YES theme today as part of Momalom's Five for Ten blogfest. And I don't have a whole lot of YES to say on this topic. It is more like a maybe? NO! but? NO! if? NO!
There are two large “coffee table” books that will make super gifts come December. This first is Sinatra: Hollywood His Way by Timothy Knight ($35.00, Running Press) that pays tribute to the fifty-nine films in which he appeared from the 1940s to the 80s. Best known as a singer, Sinatra was also a very good actor as his performance in “From Here to Eternity” demonstrated, as well as others such as “The Manchurian Candidate.” Musically, he co-starred in the classic “Anchors Aweigh” with Gene Kelly, appearing as well with Hollywood greats that included Rita Hayworth, Dean Martin, and Sophia Loren. For a certain generation, Sinata defined everything that was hip and cool. This book is filled with photos and for any fan of the man and that era of films, it will be a treasure. If you’re a fan of Mad magazine (and who isn’t?) then you will want to add Sergio Aragones: Five Decades of his Finest Works to your list of books you must have ($29.95, Running Press). Aragones is more than a cartoonist. He is an illustrator who has earned a place for himself for his visual gags, some drawn quite simply while others are extraordinarily elaborate. More than 500 of his favorite “Marginals”, the popular tiny cartoons found in Mad magazine’s margins are included In black and white, and in color, this book provides laughter on every page. Aragones has won many prestigious awards over the years including the Comic Art Professional Society’s Sergio Award, named for him!
Got the U-haul to Mom’s house and began loading up! We made out like bandits. Hutch, dining room table, lawn mower, power shovel, and lots of my stuff from the basement and my bedroom. I have a house of my own… I suppose it’s time my Carebears moved with me.
I’m really hoping I show up and everyone is a 43 year old computer salesman with a mustache and deep breathing problems, just like me.”
reading is so fundementally important.
The DLP promised in writing in their “Pathways to Progress” policy booklet that they would require a 2/3 free vote in Parliament to change agricultural land to allow development.
Today's question from Crazy for Books﻿ is a good one. I've already talked about banned or challenged books in another post this week, but this is still a hard question.
2) Goaltending
In conclusion, Illuminated Manuscripts has all the earmarks that I look for for success.
'Well, if I didn't do it, it wouldn't get done.'
However, I am sure to not read a hard copy of that any time soon. That is because I got this cool device, which is named, Kindle. After a long wait of one week post ordering, this thing got delivered. And I am in love with it. The screen had a diagram of where to plug in the charger, the moment I took it out of the box. I tried scratching that screen to reveal the display. I was so wrong. That was the display! It is so paper like. I feel like I have made a decent investment on this.
I've been a huge fan of Top Chef since the very first season, so I knew I had to grab this book when I saw it at the library. Simmons' writes in a very down-to-earth manner and includes a bunch of the recipes she raves about in the chapters. I probably won't actually make any of the recipes, but I was glad they were there in case I was feeling adventurous!
So let’s get it straight to judging! First of all, we see a gorgeous shoot from Maxine who looks simply on fire here! Her photos really caughts the red siren as the beaming woman of greatness looks so epic in that black dress of hers! Speaking of that dress, I need to get my hands on that! BEAUTIFUL! Next we have former Divas Champion Beth Phoenix who really looks petite and straight up gorgeous in her photoshoot! Although, Beth has a rough week ahead of her, this beauty looks so GLAMA-FIED, that it causes her fans to love and adore her even more! Impressive! Rosa Mendes or shall I say RRRROSA (emphasis on the Rosa) looks undeniably sexy and stunning here! This hot latina may have had a stressful week with a tag team title change but her bad boys won’t get her leaving upset… my lovely Rosa simply looks FLAW-LESS! And that dress of hers… I want and I shall get! Finally, it’s the adorable Bella Twins who have left WWE recently! The beautiful twins looks really gorgeous in their new Diva title shoot as Nikki hoists the butterfly high to show her love and passion for that title! It did take years of hard work to get that prestige and finally, she got it! The Bellas continue to make me feel happy with their win and their shoot! They look truly beautiful! Shame they went, I miss them already! *Sobs* xD
I scarce believed thou couldst be gone away ;
"And why aren't we talking about traffic calming here?" he wrote.
You know what's worse than being white? Being PINK. Not just, "I jogged and have a healthy-glow" pink. I'm talking THIS kind of pink ('nuff said.) :
“Ok, fine. Fine. Philly was nice. That doesn’t mean that I didn’t want Roberts with the contract anyways. Now, tell me again why it wasn’t coincidence that you got stabbed? I’m sure the Drake is fine. Slyne knows how to handle an airship, especially one docked safe and sound.”
1/2 tsp orange zest
Hi everyone and welcome to a new challenge here at Digi Doodle Shop Challenges. This week it's Team Karen's turn to host the challenge. But first a big thankyou to everyone who joined in the fun last week, fab cards everyone!
Mitchell: “I had the advantage, or disadvantage, as the case may be, of watching Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich at the same time on side-by-side screens. It’s my job; someone has to do it.”
Round. Full. Bright. Yellow.
And while I don’t always enjoy the You Tube videos people post, I really like this one that Lisa Block, my Temple Beth Ohr Hebrew School classmate who lives in California, shared.
ü The equipment or program to count number of rejects
Now it seems the problem has spread further across the Costa Blanca.
On the moonshine, so still-ily
_____I love women and I'm totally against disrespecting them. Ask any of my ex-girlfriends. Go on.. Ask those b***hes!! (funny ex quote)
On its website, the centre describes itself as "an independent consultancy focusing on the historical, political and legal aspects of the Palestinian Refugees."
No such luck.
Use in pregnancy and lactation
I went through my childhood feeling extremely loved by my parents yet still feeling incomplete and different. Like a jigsaw missing a vital piece, meaning that the picture would never be totally clear.
The worry is now of course the really rather dreadful behaviours of individuals who call themselves nationalists, individuals and factions that war with each other at nationalisms expense, it would seem that these are dark days for British nationalism, dark days indeed, but a new movement is forming steadily in the background, a movement based upon correct nationalist principle ,this movement threatens to break out some feel ,yet I have as yet to gauge both its number and its potency, certainly the time has come to return to tradition, to real nationalism and let the fools play and the egos squabble.
In the meantime, we purchased another 60 perennials today, which gets us 85% of the way there in terms of the shopping list. But today’s purchases will stay in the garage until the latest round of snow flurries and near freezing temperatures leaves the area.
Sharing all this with Olivia, I then said, “So I was lying in bed, the room dark and perfect for focusing on just one prayer. I remembered, as I often do, Father Ralph’s homily regarding St. Peregrine’s powerful intercessions.”
When the Orange County Fire Department arrived, they told the family to gather as many personal belongings as they could and evacuate.
It isn’t just as scientifically easy as it sounds, like how I perceived listening to be paying attention to a piece of music.
- Dr. Steven Peck, science editor of Dialogue, advised me to try and publish the book (I am his Teacher's Assistant). Dr. Duane Jeffrey, Dr. Byron Adams, Dr. Bill Bradshaw, and Dr. Daniel Fairbanks, all previous or
Teams have to find the most efficient way to vent hot air from within the sidepods. This air has to pass through the radiators and coolers, as it passes from the sidepod inlet to the tail of the coke-bottle shape. In order to keep the car as slim as possible for reduced and drag and better airflow to the diffuser and beam wing, teams adopt different cooling outlet solutions to work with the other aero flow structures around the car. In Renaults case the majority of the outlet area is in three places: a tall narrow outlet above the gearbox and two low and wide vents either side of the gearbox. We can see the gearbox oil cooler within the upper outlet, so some of its volume is used for venting this heat. Reducing its ability to vent air from the sidepods.
and the rest are going too.'
From moment one, I wanted a natural birth. No drugs, no interventions, no doctors and NO HOSPITAL. A full on tree hugging, green, fuzzy, give birth in the woods while unicorns unite in a birthing circle of wondrous rainbows gleaming from all the creatures of the earth culminating in a beam of light spiritual experience I could hold in my heart of hearts forever. Over the summer, I mentioned to FB a story I read where a woman leaned on a walking stick throughout her birth. It made me think of wizards and lasers. FB immediately went on a vision quest into the Burgundy woods, found a sapling tree, cut it down and hand carved me my very own 7 foot long birthing stick, varnished and everything. It was beautiful and I was Gandolf. I practiced spinning it on the lawn while chanting...."BRING FORTH THE SPAAAAAAAAAAWN!" (insert lightning bolts)
"If we are to continue as a civilization that successfully avoids natural catastrophes, we have to make our own constraints on growth and make them strong and make them now." As it is, we are unintentionally at war with Gaia and must agree to "wartime" rationing and temporary "loss of freedom." Strong constraints? Loss of freedom? What's the difference between this and ecofascism? And how far down will our population have to plummet to satisfy Gaia? Actually, Lovelock states that something like nine-tenths of our population must vanish: "Personally I think we would be wise to aim at a stabilized population of about half to one billion." To accomplish this goal, both the birth rate and death rate would have to be "regulated" as "part of population control."
…because he continued to work for the good of his people and to speak up for the welfare of all their descendants. (Esther 10:3)
After our wonderful, crazy, beautiful first year of marriage, I now know
We also still have to do our last big shop for snacks, medication, pain relief, first aid kit supplies and any other cream, band aid or paste that is going to make our trip more comfortable.
you can see her rug
3. A God in an Alcove
My friend Liz implored me to try to return the shoes. I resisted—I didn't have the receipt or packaging, and not only had I worn the shoes, but I'd (ahem) scuffed them up a bit in the two weeks I wore them before sending them into retirement.
In other homebrew news, the Saison du Muqunee (MB0022-AG1) was a hit at the Indiana Homebrew Club meeting the other night, much to my delight. It's unfortunate that it won't be able to be reproduced exactly since we used a seasonal Wyeast strain. Tis life, though.
This curriculum kit can be used as a supplement to what you are currently doing to teach your child preschool basics…or it can be used all on its own as a complete early learners curriculum tool. It is absolutely not just for home schoolers. Learn Your Letters, Learn to Serve is for any family who would enjoy learning and serving together with little ones. In addition, Learn Your Letters, Learn to Serve Curriculum Kit may be purchased for use in a Sunday School Classroom or Preschool Classroom.
Welcome, Imari! While reading your bio, I was struck by one point. You wrote your first holiday novel in TEN DAYS? That’s amazing! How in the world did you do that? How many hours a day did you put into writing to finish so quickly?
we spent most of our time skiing at ski santa fe which is located about 20 minutes outside of the city, in the santa fe national forest. the skiing was pretty good, especially for the prices. and it was so beautiful! after a few days of skiing, we had about a half of a day to roam around the city before we drove back to texas.
I talked a lot about my pain in my last post. I must say that in the last couple of years, I don't feel it very often. Most of that is in the past. I endured it and have come out the other side. I've had enough days of being crumpled on the floor of my closet, eneveloped in tears, unable to function to last me a lifetime, and I do believe the worst is over. I deserve for the worst to be over.
4-Salt to taste.
Ok. It was me.
As he took
Here are a couple of older editions of Carlsons book from my library. The 1939 edition on the left contains a fair amount of text that was edited out of later editions and is interesting for that reason. It is not a first edition, that would be from 1929, which I don't own. The later somewhat edited versions are renamed Carlsons guide to landscape painting instead of elementary principles of landscape painting.
I would also add a sub-point here – that to include the gospel in every sermon text you preach. The gospel is simple, so matter which text you are preaching from, you can always include the gospel message, somewhere in there.
15) You Know Asimov’s Three Laws of Robotics
The Guardian flatteringly described the book as a ‘hilarious satire on modern Ireland‘? Did you set out with that intention? Was this a work principally of satire? I’m not really that comfortable with tags like comedy or satire or whatever, like your book can only be one thing. I wanted to tell the story of these characters as faithfully and honestly as I could. There’s a lot of humour, because most of the characters are teenagers and they act in quite an unguarded and extreme way, but it’s mostly realistic and I’m not setting them up to be laughed at. The word ‘satire’ to me conjures up images of the author mocking the foibles of humanity from some great height – everyone’s a grotesque, and their entire world is revealed to be fundamentally deluded and ridiculous. I didn’t have any interest in writing a book like that. That said, setting the book in this school was a useful way of looking at bigger changes that were happening in the country – because these were the most privileged children of the people who were reaping the benefits of the economic boom. They were handed this new world that generation had created, so they were at the coal-face of that new morality and that new attitude to money and materialism.
There comes a day when our life’s course is set;
Introducing Purcell, school board President Yvonne L. Stroman said it has been a long journey trying to find a new leader for the district, but the wait was well worth it.
As with the Sony PS3, you can quit from any game or app using the PS button. This will pause the app you were in, and to close it you peel the app off the screen from the top right corner. It’s a satisfying way to close games.
“Her music is a gift, infused with all the creativity, power, emotion, generosity and warmth that she exudes in life” (Maria Schneider)
Besides Russian River's Supplication wild ale, this is the best beer i have ever experienced, hands down best Imperial Stout. Reviewing from good notes on Black Tuesday - really wish I could get a bottle of this!!
Snuffy Walden - guitar
What we have here is a scattered holographic polish that I've seen described as dark teal or forest green. Against my skin tone, it certainly does pull more to forest green than to teal, though I have seen some people on whom it does look very teal indeed.
Wish you all a lovely day!
Needless to say he makes the wrong decision. And while his story remains frozen – the story of the pond, the old men and the couple who brought their whole living room in a truck to keep them company while they fished – he finally lets us know what happened in that orchard in 1948 before returning to 1979 where he has been sitting with his “ear pressed up against the past as if it was the wall of a house that no longer exists” and where he finally gets to finish reliving the previous memory and let it run on to its end. Is it the twelve-year-old boy that the couple find waiting for them or does he house the consciousness of the man full of regret and remorse that he will become? I couldn’t say. The couple set up their living room beside the lake, begin to cook their meal and the next thing they notice he’s vanished:
Cheese: Pungent blue, razor sharp cheddar
This will start in yourselves a whole new cycle, a cycle of such high and Lighted proportions that if kept to and kept fed with Loving, happy and united energies, you would find your Lives getting easier and easier and indeed, more joyful and fun to Live.
Failure to park in an authorized zone, so someone else moves your car for you.
Organisers agree a general theme for a session, but there is no agenda in Open Space. Participants meet in the round and are invited to post sessions under more specific headings.
“And we must try to see how there would be less human troubles, if it was possible to talk with boys at school on this subject — in this foreshortening!
Somehow they’ve managed to get it just right.
However, directors can and do compete and top most authors on a regular basis because they know how to manipulate visuals, sound, symbolism, theme and emotion to create the profound and layered impact that a setpiece scene is.
I know that the police can wrap up their investigations very soon. I think we are talking about a matter of days. For the magistrate (on the inquest), I don’t want to put a time frame because that is up to the magistrate to decide (on when it should be held). The Royal Commission will be established quite soon.
George Bailey has spent his entire life giving of himself to the people of Bedford Falls. He has always longed to travel but never had the opportunity in order to prevent rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town. All that prevents him from doing so is George’s modest building and loan company, which was founded by his generous father. But on Christmas Eve, George’s Uncle Billy loses the business’s $8,000 while intending to deposit it in the bank. Potter finds the misplaced money and hides it from Billy. When the bank examiner discovers the shortage later that night, George realizes that he will be held responsible and sent to jail and the company will collapse, finally allowing Potter to take over the town. Thinking of his wife, their young children, and others he loves will be better off with him dead, he contemplates suicide. But the prayers of his loved ones result in a gentle angel named Clarence coming to earth to help George, with the promise of earning his wings. He shows George what things would have been like if he had never been born. In a nightmarish vision in which the Potter-controlled town is sunk in sex and sin, those George loves are either dead, ruined, or miserable. He realizes that he has touched many people in a positive way and that his life has truly been a wonderful one.
In “Virgin Atlantic Upperclass”, anytime.
Currently foreigners represent 10.28% of the total number of people affiliated to the Spanish Social Security system.
Intro to Tap Class
in liquid form
Today is another lovely Sunday…I have had an up and down sort of week this week, so I’m hoping that the sunshine today signifies the pace and brightness of the coming week.
-Green Bracelet-Forever 21
So I got tickets to go to see Genesis, and I told my girlfriend it was like real Rock Opera, but when we got there he didn't have the big mallet, and no one was crushed, he just stood there in a weird hat and a one-piece bathing suit with his arms hanging straight down his side.
Even though the Acer Iconia Tab A200 is a chunky tablet, we found the design – especially in red – to be quite appealing. Similarly, the rubberised back is comfortable, easy to grip and doesn’t quickly get covered in unattractive smudges.
I really wasn't too sure about the use of licorice extract and its role in skin whitening, but apparantly a component of the licorice plant, known as GLABRIDIN, is able to inhibit pigmentation (e.g. freckles) by preventing tyrosinase activation and remaining non-toxic to melanin forming cells (the cells responsible for pigmentation) Source: http://www.whiterskin.com/skin-lightening-ingredients.html
I once watched a hysterically sycophantic male academic ask Didion about her description of what she wore in Haight-Ashbury so that she could pass with both the straights and the freaks. “I’m not good with clothes,” he admitted, “so I don’t remember what it was.”
Before you buy the ingredients, make sure you have a pressure cooker and a food processor at home. Of course, the wheat can be cooked in a regular pot, but it will take you more than two hours, whereas the pressure cooker reaches the same goal in twenty minutes - just think of all the energy you'll be saving!
POOF
They’re surprised mainstream Western things (McDonald’s, poufy white dresses) are fashionable, though they seem mundane or trite to us.
the elderly just use their hand and push me away from peeking what's inside the palace room
Back with NEW product! I'm so excited to share the new Wishing On A Star line. We have a collection of not just stamps but stickers and papers and glitter....Oh My! So many wonderful new things. The new line of glitter is simply AMAZING! It's NOT JUST glitter it has a bit of Flower Soft mixed in which gives it such a wonderful texture. It's not like anything you've seen before. We have two colors: Hint of Violet and Hint of Green.
There can be no genuine happiness separate and apart from the home, and every effort made to sanctify and preserve its influence is uplifting to those who toil and sacrifice for its establishment. Men and women often seek to substitute some other life for that of the home; they would make themselves believe that the home means restraint; that the highest liberty is the fullest opportunity to move about at will. There is no happiness without service, and there is no service greater than that which converts the home into a divine institution, and which promotes and preserves family life.
And of course actual English spoken by gai-jin or "foreigners" in anime sounds something like this:Pera pera pae, perpera pera pa.To be fair, "pera pera" means "to be fluent" in Japanese, and a lot of people in Japan are "Eigo pera pera" (Fluent in English), but don't expect every person you walk up to on the street to speak English. You simply need to learn to speak Japanese the right way. Of course, then you would be be committing Japongo. Which is a word I just made up, but it is just as bad.
15 know
I found this adorable tart burner! It is so darn caauute! It was like $2.99 and since it was an electronic it was 30% off :) I also got that pretty bowl next to it. I needed a pretty new salad bowl! I have been keeping an eye out and finally found this!
ASSIGNMENT: I challenged the students to set a password with a friend or relative, so that in case they needed to send a message to that person, they could verify that it was an authentic message. We also had these vocab words to look up:
While there in contest per se for the photo club at work there is a monthly theme we discuss. The full list of those is lost somewhere (and I’m not logging into my work PC since I am off the next 4 days) I do remember that May’s theme is signs.
On the flight she makes a friend and catches the eye of handsome bad boy, Baird. She's begun to think boarding school might not be so bad when the plane crashes. The students are stranded on an island and as the days pass without rescue, people begin to act less like spoiled rich kids and more like desperate survivors.
And burdens seem to be much more than you can stand.
It depends on whether I’m in remission or a flare. A bad remission day is usually days-long fatigue that won’t be fixed by any amount of sleep. My appetite may be nonexistent, or I might be ravenous and consume everything in sight, maybe even store some for later like the squirrels in the front lawn. I spend most of the day in the bathroom. If I had a secretary, I’d ask them to hold my calls.
The magic’s in the journey – and the triumph in the end.
players on board this time, 'big names' like Eric Clapton,
Practicing music
2010 Parade Route To Once Again Travel Down 7th And 6th Avenues To Macy’s Herald Square.
Not really. Ive never been this enthusiastic about learning ever.
There's good news here, though - this is a beer review, so we can pretend none of that just happened.
vii) despite WIPO already being mandated to take into account the U.N. system, the WIPO Convention (1967) shall be amended to ensure that the â€œdevelopment dimensionâ€� is inequivocally taken into account;
NOT OFFICIALLY A DIAGNOSIS
Through this whole process I’ve learned a ton about myself, but also about networking and self-marketing. Sadly, attractive, slender women really do make it further in the corporate world. I’ve seen it a number of times in my own workplace. That said, this unfortunate reality, when paired with my new-found career commitment, has been a great reason to invest in myself and my appearance, which feels good. I’ve been going to the gym, loving up my husband, and doing a ton of shopping. What a novelty, this self-assuredness!
7. Summer On The China Dress
My personal opinion is that we worry too damned much. We push push push the kids to do things they aren't quite developmentally ready to do, we freak out when they pick their noses or they don't quite make it to the toilet, we spend too little time letting them explore and too much time standing over them making them practice perfect penmanship.
The peak of the trip explodes in orgy
I’ve been thinking about all the teachers I’ve had in my life. Some have been inspiring. Some have been dreadful. Some have been lifesavers. There is a saying about spiritual seekers that when the student is ready the teacher appears. That has certainly been my experience and I’m very grateful to have had the opportunity to meet and study with all kinds of teachers.
The strawberry cake! And it was so good - especially the frosting. The dessert table at my family's Easter dinner was overflowing: flour-less chocolate torte with strawberries, Oreo delight (a family favorite), and pineapple upside down cake with whipped cream. Needless to say, we're all wearing our fat pants today.
Good question.
You’d think that a tall, beautiful girl at the game table for a change would generate some interest, but these guys were just too into how they did it at Aero (or maybe they didn’t know how to deal with a female gamer who didn’t look like Janet Reno) so In retrospect I guess it wasn’t Paul’s fault, although we never once got so much as a “so what are you’re characters doing?”. Young people, who these games were ostensibly aimed at, got no props at Aero. It was adults playing games and the young’uns be damned, unless you were one of owner Gary’s little blond cabin boys he got to watch the register now and again (I think one of those grew up and eventually bought Aero from Gary before he passed a few years ago). Thankfully, a couple hours of being ignored at the table ended when one of my high school friends showed up and asked us to hit the mall with him and we got gratefully the hell out of there to go have fun. That was the last time I actually sat in on a game at Aero I think. I was outgrowing it. Moving on to my own groups, and to non-gaming related activities. This was one of my experiences at Aero that shaped me as a GM. In this case, I would always make sure and give lots of time to other players no matter what character was shining at the moment. Actually, now that I think of it, most of my good qualities as a GM comes from doing the opposite of things I experienced in those old games at Aero.
According to a new report from the Golden State’s Franchise Tax Board, the top 1% of earners paid $25.7 billion in state income taxes in 2007. Two years later, the most recent for which data are available, that figure dropped by half — to $12.3 billion.
The worst the pasta got, the harder we laughed and the quicker the wine went down…the boys were not impressed.
Gregory: people are worse off than they
Rest if you must, but don't you quit.
17. Blindness ^
I spent my first day of freedom doing a shopping marathon with my mama at bloomingdales and macy’s. we have a massive mission: buy a pair of wedge shoes & buy dresses for NYU graduation, Tisch graduation, my cousins wedding, my cousin’s pre wedding celebrations, and a dress for my friends bridal shower. Trying to cover all the requirements for those occasions with as few dresses a possible? definitely a challenge. But we did it!
So I'll see you soon with an actual outfit post!
Many thanks to the organisers of this conference, who in these peculiar times we live in must go unnamed, and many thanks for inviting me to speak here in Israel, which is both the historical birthplace of Judeo/Christian Western Civilisation, and the current epicentre in the fight to defend the West in its centuries old war against radical Islam.
MORE GOOD NEWS
Mash the potato, add the bread crumbs, onion, pork, sage, salt and pepper. Mix with the egg lightly beaten. Use as a dressing for goose, duck or pork.
The famously ad-libbed scene in which the Clubbers tell the stories of why they’re in detention takes place in the school library. The library is also home to the statue that gets plastered with lunch meat. And, of course, there is dancing and joyous book destruction.
Vile stuff? Certainly. Should it be banned? Of course not! And not because it’s an incitement to violence, for we don’t see Jews around the world going on killing sprees in reaction to such cartoons. Only Muslims do that, and in response to cartoons far less provocative.
Have any of you heard of what’s called extreme running? It seems that runners aren’t satisfied with pushing their bodies to their limits on streets, in parks, or at the local high school track. The newest running craze is to test your body, endurance, and sheer will to live, in polar regions, along treacherous mountain trails, in humid, danger filled tropical rain forests, on forbidding landscapes of barren tundra, crossing waterless, searing deserts, and at my mother-in-laws house on casserole night. Well, maybe not that last one, but I can tell you this; it’s brutal, man.
Carried to the floor in passion
Those children had as difficult a task as any library visitor. They were expected to learn to read, write and to work accurately with numbers within the space of a few short years. Most sensible people realize that learning is work, it can't always be fun. It can be accomplished best in a quiet, structured environment. And, like it or not, there are some things that have to be memorized. Welcome to the real world, kids!
What are your goals? And what will they evolve into once you meet them? How do you feel as you progress toward your goals?
Would you like to own a bottle of either of these two? Then please continue reading.
My original gravity was on the lower side which really bugged me so going by style this might end up being more of a hoppy American pale ale and not exactly an IPA but that's just semantics at this point. I'm not brewing this for any competition so as long as it tastes good I'll be pleased. This batch got me thinking that I'd like to start all-grain brewing and get off the kitchen stove but I'm going to be taking baby steps. I've had great successes with extract stove-top brewing but I'd like to have a bit more control over the process. What have you all-grainers found to be the most difficult/rewarding differences?
As a survivor of childhood sexual abuse and a daughter of a foster child, I know this is God's purpose for me. My life experiences are my testimony. They allow me to be able to look a child in the face and know EXACTLY how they feel and understand in my heart how important it is for me to stand up for that child when no one else will. Dont forget...Kids in CPS care could be your neighbor, your child's best friend in school, on the soccer team, your relative..child abuse knows no color, race or gender..it doesn't discriminate..
Imaging, Media & Entertainment
I think I've used this analogy before (maybe even on here) but it's like I'm fucking Salma Hayek, but thinking about fucking Sofia Vergara.
they shoot up through
Where Musashino has a feel like you're actually in Japan, Kome for some reason struck me as feeling like a beach shack. It's super chill, with laid back, t-shirt clad staff, a bright interior, and a bustle that makes it feel a bit like the Magnolia Cafe of sushi joints. I ordered with abandon since I convinced Warren, in advance, to pay for the whole meal. I wish I could remember the names of the rolls I got, but I can't, except that the crab rolls weren't listed but our very helpful waiter told us she could definitely hook us up. I also got a tempura shrimp roll. Warren went for the raw stuff, which he pronounced (and continues to pronounce) to be excellent.
The Hebrew version of the name of the city and the tower, Babel, is attributed in Genesis 11: 9 to the verb ‘balal’, which in Hebrew means to confuse or confound. In Part 2 of this series I briefly touched on the topic of the Tower of Babel, and pointed out that the Bible (Genesis 11:1-9) tells us that these people who built the city and the tower in that region originally came FROM THE EAST, -- the same region where Cain dwelt after he was banished from Eden – (Genesis 4: 16).
Three seconds into opener ‘Rise’, and you know this is going to be special. The fierceness that runs throughout the album is not merely a characteristic, but a method, an indictment, exorcism and history lesson. That Roberts manages to unite a universal message and the intensely personal is one of the album’s most striking merits, while combining free jazz, swing, folk music (spirituals, lullabies, the blues), the Bible and the oral tradition to accomplish a musical equivalent of Toni Morrison’s stories.
Plymouth MN 55447-4446
co-incide with the end of the Australian summer holidays/vacation. Basically school goes back straight after Australia Day.
20. Broad
Now, I don't get a lot of traffic, but I'm certain Jay must be reading, or at least noticed my last post (here, but don't click if strong swearwords offend) on a gathering of brewsters at Brodies. Good job he didn't take any of the beer from that gathering to the Ladies Wot Lunch in Chigwell, eh?
“Sounds good to me!” she exclaims. “When do I start unscrewing?”
And we all saw it...
Am I the only queer girl who didn’t experience dread and fear the moment I realised I liked other girls?
Sigil’s current negotiating stance is “Just give us the money and we’ll make it all good.” A funded and supported Sigil is an independent Sigil, not just another department in SOE. Brad is not yet ready to give up control or, if you read the rest, some form of the vision.
Melt the chocolate in a double boiler or in the microwave. Pour over bottom of cookie crust and spread to the edges using an off-set spatula. Sprinkle chopped peanuts over the melted chocolate. Place pan in the refrigerator while you prepare the filling.
Ephesians 1:12 That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.
Bad Danae–It’s been a few days since I posted anything! Sorry everyone. To make it up to you, you get 2 recipes today. These are favorites in our house and for good reason: It’s hard to beat pasta mixed with olive oil, garlic and basil and parsley. And then when you serve it with basil-sesame green beans (recipe to follow!)? Bomb. I hope you enjoy this one as much as we do.
Duncan Livingston
11. Seattle Seahawks OLB Melvin Ingram (S.Carolina) With Upshaw off the board and the Seahawks not willing to make a move on a QB in this draft they look towards improving the pass rush. Ingram can provide the rush they need but I highly anticipate the Seahawks to move down in the draft to acquire more ammo this year and next to make a run a Trojan QB Matt Barkley.
"'Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.' What is happening in Arizona is not only a threat to Mexican American Studies, it is a threat to our right to teach the experiences of all people of color, LGBT people, poor and working people, the undocumented, people with disabilities and all those who are least powerful in this country. Our history is not illegal." My support for the Mexican American Studies program is tied to the work I do with American Indians in Children's Literature, and in my lectures, workshops, and teaching. Far too many people graduate from high school thinking that we vanished due to warfare and disease. Even highly educated people who graduate from college think that we were primitive and savage people who killed each other off!
Dear Mr. Reid,
Aquarius/SAC-D is a collaboration between NASA and Argentina’s space agency, Comision Nacional de Actividades Espaciales (CONAE), with participation from Brazil, Canada, France and Italy. The Aquarius instrument was jointly built by NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif., and NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md.
With this new demand for Cline came a higher price tag, and reportedly towards the end of her life, she was being paid at least $1,000 for appearances—then an unheard-of fee for women in the country music industry, since they usually grossed less than $200. Her penultimate concert, held in Birmingham, Alabama, grossed $3,000.
All night, and every stormy day
“Thank you, thank you, your Majesty. You won’t regret this I promise you. I’ll be the best butler you ever had,” said the butler while prostrating himself and kissing the Pharaoh’s feet.
But it's simply what Republicans believe now. It's mainstream GOP thinking.
~~YoTrip
Our school food service professionals who are out there, they have dedicated their careers to helping our children grow up healthy and happy. They work long hours and they stretch budgets to the limit, often with no recognition at all. And their advice has been so invaluable as we’ve tried to identify areas where schools can improve and become more efficient. So they deserve our respect and our admiration, and I want to take the time now to thank them for their service and for their -- (applause) -- for their hard work.
When taking this course, please be aware of the time limits on both your login session and the course itself. For your login session, please feel free to take as long as you wish at any given time, but be aware that if you remain then you will be logged out of the session and you will have to log in and rejoin the course where stopped previously.
Do you see their little mouths? Do you hear their song? Do you feel the call of The Dream Divers?
It is all so harsh and unhappy
Anyway, Shazz has this incredible store and invited me to do a "sistah show" with her. She will be showing her incredible photography and I will show some paintings. I borrowed some of her outstanding photos for inspiration. I am not trying to copy her incredible photos verbatim, but I am trying to add some of my recollections of growing up at "the shore". It was a huge part of becoming me and even though I am currently landlocked, the ocean, the dunes, the marshes and the boardwalk will always be part of me. As this show will be at the shore, I felt it appropriate to paint along with that theme.
HANKE W. Efficacy of vaccination against influenza among working people--results of epidemiological studies. Med Pr 2000; 51: 475-484.
Well, that's it for now, hopefully I'll be able to find the real camera instead of taking pictures with my phone and I can work on my food photography skills. Wookie says he's going to post his signature cocktail recipe later today and give his own little intro.
Accessory
innovative QuadShock™ suspension gives your baby a smooth ride & hassle-free no-pump tires
Phat Thai (meaning Thai style stir fry) has always been one of the most well known and popular Thai dishes around the world. Its popularity was further confirmed when it came in 5th on the recent World's 50 most delicious food (readers' poll) by CNN Go.
I could spend my lifetime gettin' high!
The being lifted the hood covering its head and smiled, at least she thought it was a smile. The eyes mesmerized her, pure turquoise in color with deep purple rings around the iris. The smile wasn't as friendly as the eyes but she continued to stare, spellbound.
“Okay” the man says, “I attended church every Sunday”
UV treated viewing window on hood
alike
Where did this difference of opinion come from? Well it’s obviously not in the definition. Breaks are temporary. That’s self-explanatory. So the fault must lie with the woman. I’m not saying this to be sexist. It’s just true. A lot of women blow things out of proportion just to create drama. (Some don’t, but allow me to generalize for a moment. I will try to refrain from inclusive statements.)Why do you think reality TV is still on the air? Men don’t care about that crap!
What you can win? Ahh, as usually we have the smashing $20 voucher up for grabs if you use a TPS image on your creation. We really would love to see more of using them so we can give away our vouchers. If you use another brand of image the prize will be three digis of your choice. That's nice too, even if you get so many more images for the $20 voucher. :)
As others have said, we must go to war with the Mitt we have, which is true. But, when he leaves the reservation, someone must call him on it. For if we do not, it wont matter who is elected come this November as either candidate will be indistinguishable.
Silence is my savior.
Now, I don't plan to quit blogging...but I might consider hanging to ANOTHER blog server...like WORDPRESS.
to sprawl, as though in sleep,
At that same yard sale I picked up this set of drawers. Not on my non-existent list but they do fall into that storage/container category that occupies a file in my mind. They also fit other criteria like old, carved, interesting hardware and so on.
we said.
Please consider turning off word verification, blogger has made it even more difficult to decifer now and we would really appreciate your help with this, it does make it so much easier for the DT if you choose the comment moderation method to screen comments.
No; morire means to die, mordere means to take
with braille feelings
She is alone. At first, she feels fear, she observes the darkness, she wants to escape out of the darkness of the house, but even outside is still solid dark. She feels as her view is covered from a dark thick veil. There is nothing out of the door, out of the window, there is nothing to be seen inside the house. She is alone.
Could I have had kids at a younger age? Maybe.
He rescued me.
grapes, green apples, oranges, limes and lemons
These are the albums that make me love music.
Pain was once my drug of choice
In order to maintain the integrity of the University of the South's student body and your reputation, we strongly and publicly recommend that you cancel Mr. Wise's appearance.
This article analyses the implications of the new law. For an analysis on the established legal regime, please refer to this PLMJ information note.
I have the lovely Cheery Lynn Butterflies and matching Angel Wings for sale plus some angel wings for previously released dies. In the first video you see some samples I created plus some helpful tips. In the second video I show the dimensional technique by Cheery Lynn plus I gave a few tips that I found helpful. I am a bit scattered in these videos and I apologize. I think I get my point across. I did forget to throw out a thank you to my friend SallyAnn who has helped me discover a love for butterflies-she also gave me a great tip-the little ones can cover up mistakes beautifully..lol..
Some of these books will be featured in the book of the month for Trunk’d Clothing and I will write a blog on what I learned from those books. I am doing the research so you don’t have to. However, if someone has already read any of these books or are going to in the future please leave feedback. I would love to hear what others have to say.
No, the MU/KU divide, like the Missouri/Kansas divide, was birthed in the good old days of slavery, and those heady pre-Civil War days of border raids, murder of innocents, and burning of villages to the ground. (I'm going to apologize in advance to my History Major Friends - and you know who you are - for putting forth what is a total simplification of the facts. The lateness of the hour, and the limits of my patience, forbid me from telling the whole story. But I'll try to sum it up as best I can. If I get anything very very wrong, tell me, and I'll amend it.)
Floyd joins Justin Blackmon and Kendall Wright as the 3rd WR the Panthers have had visit, as they have now spent three of their 30 allotted visits on the receiver position. While that may seem like a drop in the bucket those thirty visits are spread across all prospects so investing a high portion of them in receivers who could be available at #9 is telling.
A look at the experience of the 1980's shows that, in fact, in those old heavy industrial areas, where deindustrialisation, and the collapse of industries such as Mining, Steel Making, Shipbuilding etc. occurred, women's employment fared significantly better than that of Men. It was not just the fact that female labour-power was cheaper to buy for Capital, but that frequently in the new, light industrial production that was established, and certainly in the new service industries, female labour-power was more productive than male labour-power. It was often not discrimination from Capital, that women faced in these areas, but from working-class men. Certainly, there is evidence that where women became the main or only breadwinners in these areas, it did not result in a significant reduction in their domestic workload to compensate. An intersting discussion and analysis in this respect is provided by Jane Wheelock in “Capital Restructuring and The domestic economy: Family Self-respect and The Irrelevance of 'Rational Economic Man” (Capital & Class 41, Summer 1990). A look at the preponderance of female labour-power in the State Capitalist sector, which grew markedly from the late 1980's through to 2010, particularly in these areas, is an indication of that. State Capital located to these areas, partly in order to offset, the effects of deindustrialisation, which could have had long-term consequences for the economy as a whole, but also to take advantage of cheap labour thereby providing itself with an alternative to the astronomical costs facing businesses located in London.
And what brings me out of my hibernation? Turkish ninjas of course. See, these ninjas are a samurai family that become darkness ninjas after dying. Yeah... zombies?
Don’t judge your process or the processes others are going through. Judgments and spiritual arrogance have no place in these times. All are a perfect mirror of God . . . including YOU. Remember . . . what you resist, you can never be free from, so allow, surrender and flow with the process. AGAIN … what you resist, you can never be free from. Allow your story to unfold. Remember that where you have been, and what you have experienced, good or bad, has placed you where you are today. Just a quick look back will remind you how much you have grown. Don’t you see how much you have already evolved! Don’t forget this.
The fight scene was a little weak, but the aftermath was great.
He still owes $40k on his BMW, $60k on taxes, over $20k on his credit cards and that’s just for starters.
Springtails are part of the order Collembola. Organisms belonging to this order are generally smaller than 6 millimeters (0.2 in) in size, and have 6 or fewer feet attached to their thorax. They also have additional spring-like organs attached to their abdomens that enable them to leap out of harm’s way in the event of any attack by predators.
I loved Pam though. She and her car dealer husband Peter, equally tanned but with a head of distinguished grey hair, were old friends of my parents. They'd all known each other since they were teenagers. She was a major part of the school run, and she'd offer fags to us over her shoulder, knowing we wouldn't take them. She was also really kind to me when mum and dad moved abroad, and for that I'll never forget her.
I catch the occasional couple, stealing one last goodnight kiss.
We bow,
This tutorial is going to walk you through what to put in your advent calendar, and almost every piece of the Story is going to be things you already have around your house.
So I was up at the crack of dawn (actually way before dawn 4:15 a.m.) to do INSANITY – plyometric cardio. Not fun. I grabbed a half of a 5 hour energy before starting. I am not sure it helped with the workout, but I was BUZZING when I got to work around 8. I don’t drink much caffeine and could tell why after this morning.
So, Kerri, what does your rabbit think of the book?
This morning, as on most Saturdays, I took to a well worn 3 kilometre track to the beach for my morning run. My plan was better to get it over and done with before the morning heat really set in. At least I could then feel that I was starting to get on track in preparing for the challenge of the half marathon in Melbourne in October. Our son (who is a runner) and his fiancee (who is a triathlete) are to do the whole marathon. For me, I quite like the idea of a challenge and half the distance would certainly be enough!
The dog in front was kicked in the head by a cow and the owners were worried about neurological damage. Everything was ok. Unfortunately later it turned out that the eye had been affected and had to be removed via surgery. That was fine and healed beautifully. We removed the stitches in the morning and then in the afternoon, poor sweet doggy came back to us because he’d been attacked by two dogs! The wounds weren’t too bad but the little guy had to be stitched up again.
Karl Spooner - Brooklyn Dodgers
In a letter accompanying the receipt of these 3 volumes at the RADNET office December 9, 1996 and responding to RADNET inquiry about deep-well injection of high-level waste, the DOE responded “I would like to emphasize that the Department has never injected high-level radioactive waste resulting from weapons manufacturing or reprocessing of spent nuclear fuel. … There are several sites where low-level and hazardous liquid wastes were injected as a method of isolated disposal. These are at Test Area North at the Idaho National Engineering Laboratory in Idaho Falls, Idaho, the Hydrofracturing Facility at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and 200 area reverse wells at the Hanford Reservation in Richland, Washington. … In addition to the deep-well injection sites as source points, several sites had shallow burial, seepage basins, or spray irrigation methods of disposal.” William E. Wisenbaker, Director, Office of Program Integration, Environmental Restoration.
I am a chennaite doing my research in Sanskrit for my Ph.D degree under Unversity of Madras. Recently i ve submitted my thesis titled Women’s Rights in Dharmasastra. I strongly agree and accept your views and this I could convincingly say after reading the original scriptures of ancient glorious past.KUDOS to You : Raman Subasri
I just nod my drunk, numbed head and usher Moon to follow me.
From what rumors say you hooked up with Kanye West in the meantime and you’re thinking about marriage! After what? Six weeks? Geeeeeez, Miss Kardashian, I thought you had at least a weak trace of intellect… but it seems I’ve been wrong… I’d just like to ask you one thing: how do you think this would end? In another emergency divorce? I would strongly guess: yes! Let me tell you one thing Ma’am: If you are going to do this I personally would develop one of those “car stickers” saying: “Hoot if you haven’t been married to Kim Kardashian”.
Today, I went running alone. Mag called and said her knee was hurting her and that she wanted to let it rest. I was bummed, but Monsieur Titi convinced me to go by myself. I did 6+ kilometers (about 4 miles) in 1 hour. I took it nice and slow and it was good.
5-Why are we asking each other these questions now?
Mean while grind fennel seeds, garlic and coconut to a coarse paste.
The problem is there is simply too much to watch, too many little things going on on the screen: the main screen with the anchor or the reporter, the double or smaller screen if one of them is talking to someone, the lower-third screen where they run the headlines about the other stories you supposedly need to know about, but they aren’t covering, and then, if you’re really lucky, you get another lower third screen that gives incoming tweets in teeny, weeny font from people watching who are commenting on one or maybe even two of the other stories.
Friday night, my phone rang. I don’t even know why I actually bought a Sun SIM just because she asked me. Well I didn’t have a hard time being a friend to her. Being a friend to you is the problem. So I answered, thinking it’s her. By the way, Malou, sorry if I have to tell this. It’s not to start another argument between you two but to throw my unnecessary baggage that I was supposed to have done before 2009 ended. But anyway, this will not affect you or what you have.
I do love these glosses. The NYC City Proof Extended Wear Lipgloss…that was long. I picked up:
I love him and I hope he will choose him, the amazing and beautiful being that he truly is. I see you.
Decided March 11, 2011
This is what poured out of me.
I even got my fanny on a board.
This weekend we also made it up to Newport Beach. You loved having a bit of our fish burgers, but you did NOT like the after effects of the sand. The sand at that beach is REALLY sticky, very hard to wash off. You spent the whole car ride home looking for any spec of sand still stuck to your feet then you'd hold it out to me and yell until I picked it off.
If any more find homes, they will reappear on this blog, and I shall pop in from time to time to tell you what's happening with all the others.
But oh my goodness, I am so tired.
This past summer, I purchased 2 large square black plastic urns - which I love. They're super durable - and have that tapered craftsman appeal that we're after for our home. In July I filled them with red & green overflowing potato vines - and this winter they're filled with greenery clipped from our property - and some tall birch logs my hubby brought home from visiting his brother Up North (Matheson ON)!
Elaine Stritch (September)
* Gate: A control gate is used for releasing/blocking water from the dam. Depending upon the electricity requirements, the gate is opened.
Born in South Salem in 1919, Bennett served as a major in the Pacific during World War II, painting the scenes he saw whilst fighting (he also suffered a broken back). He studied fine art at the Institute of Chicago and graphics at the American Academy of Art, and did advertising work for Pepsi and Buick before switching to book covers. But beyond his commercial career, Bennett was becoming an accomplished and respected painter. In 2008 the RiverSea Gallery in Astoria, Oregon held a restrospective exhibition of Bennett's paintings, to act as a farewell to the local artist, who was moving to the east coast. Follow that link and you'll find a few fine examples of his work, along with a profile which reveals that when Bennett arrived in Oregon in 1986 he experienced something of an artistic epiphany, over the next two decades painting hundreds of pictures of the people and places from the local area.
I know I said I was getting back to rankings, but there is still a lot of time left before the calendar year is done, and there’s an interesting debate on the floor. The debate revolves around the selection of the Female Athlete of the Year by the IAAF, as the Kenyans are upset that Vivian Cheruiyot lost to Australian Sally Pearson.
The progress was hardly smooth.
I have taken photos and have done a video of the Twilight soaps so look for that wrap-up soon!
So, at my earliest convenient time to set about buying some, I did just that. All for the sake of vanity. My daughter helped me select the correct ones. I didn’t go for the really thick ones, nor the sparkly ones. I didn’t want people to notice that I was wearing them. I just wanted them to be life like. I bought just the pair.
I used Desing Studio
Anchor – 1996
I love you forever.
In front a Totoro pencil bag with color pencils and scarves made from cashmere and silk from the sister of Yuko.
I simply point out to liberals that MY brain was the product of an intelligent designer and is fearfully and wonderfully made, whereas YOUR brain is the random agglomeration of molecules that happened to come together for no particular reason and I should therefore trust my opinions a lot more than I trust yours.
You know police officers get BEAT UP when they try to stop people
Here is the pumpkin party invitation, i embossed the cardstock and inked the sunflowers, pumpkin invitation, i also decorated the card inside with mini sunflowers, i really love the pupmkin! Here you can see the outside and inside of the card,
Marsha Ambrosius began her post-Floetry solo career in earnest as an artist signed to Aftermath Records, which meant guesting on tons of huge Dr. Dre-produced hit rap albums but never releasing one herself. After half a decade on the shelf, though, she finally got the same itch that all Interscope artists stuck in Jimmy jail get, and left to restart her career elsewhere, and finally landed a couple of hit solo singles (including the instant classic "Far Away") and released a terrific album. The covers on the album feel a bit forced as statements ("Butterflies" to remind us that she wrote Michael Jackson's last great single, "Sour Times" to remind us that she's British), but the thing still holds together really well as a consistent listen.
So, overall, this past weekend has been an amazing adventure in antiques and boutiques! I finished my bar cart too and made t-shirt grocery bags (I'll show pics of those later too).
New York Strip Steak cooked medium rare, a good Pinot Noir and Mo's Bacon Dark Chocolate Bar…I could live on that.
The Shoparound index went up by 7.7% over the year ended 31 March 2012, the smallest yearly increase since 2008, and significantly lower than the 40.1% 12-month increase recorded in April 2011.
I’m the kind of reader that really can only manage novels about the human race – I never could manage “Gormenghast”, or any fantasy of any kind – so the novelists I relish most are those of the nineteenth century – George Eliot, Thackeray, the real Trollope, the Brontes – who were so psychologically insightful, as well as all the modern ones who have the same fundamental empathy for their fellow men. And I’d cite all the ones I’d give to Jane Austen, plus Hilary Mantel, Georgina Harding, Ann Patchett, William Boyd, J.G.Farrell – I could go on and on….
Two of Pentacles: Shadowscape Tarot
Have you always loved horror?
In an unknown situation, it is admissible to use “was”.
There's a pit in my stomach, because I know this. I know there's been a final goodbye. I know cell phones still allow some contact, some last minute I love yous, and text messages read "still waiting," "heading for the plane," and "will be in touch ASAP." I know the phones will then probably be put away for the next year, and the next word will come from Germany, through email and Facebook. It might be tomorrow. It might be a couple of days.
Today, as I walked across the park I saw a talk lanky Puerto Rican shadow boxing amid the blooming dogwoods, the forsythia and hordes of young women about to bring forth new Upper West Siders. I saw dogs cavorting and chasing. Kids of all ages on their way to school. And well-abbed runners ripping across the asphalt.
I let my sister read it and she said it was worded perfect, professional and to the point. This is all business right now. I sent them at 7 am. I have received no emails for a couple of days and so far, no answer to these emails.
I didn’t stop there. I went on and said, “The eagle has landed.” But no, all my clients–and readers–would be so disappointed with that. Because that’s so cliche. So I left everyone with a final thought. I said The tiger has roared. And in that simple phrase–all encrypted because I couldn’t see it–I thought about how brilliant I am because, don’t you get it??? Tigers don’t roar!!! Lions do.
Remember the Iowa Tests that we had to take in elementary school? I do. I remember the preparation, then the actual taking of the tests (it took DAYS) and then anxiously awaiting scores and wondering what they meant as far as my "smarts" went and how it would affect the teacher I'd be assigned to next year, the reading groups I'd be placed in, and mostly...what my parents might think. Yikes. Way too much stress for an elementary school child if you ask me.
This is just one of a multitude of projects I've got planned to get our Master Bathroom up to par. Every time I walk into Kalia's nursery, I'm jealous that she's got a nicer room than us!
As for its use in animal feed, European health officials have debated whether the canthaxanthin added to the feed to give farmed salmon their pink hue poses any human health risk. The European Commission Scientific Committee on Animal Nutrition (SCAN) issued a warning several years ago about the pigment and urged the industry to find an alternative. In 2002, SCAN reviewed the maximum levels of canthaxanthin in fish feeds and determined that the allowable level of 80 milligrams of canthaxanthin per kilogram in feed was too high, and that consumers who ate large amounts of salmon were likely to exceed the Acceptable Daily Intake of 0.03 milligrams per kilogram human body weight. In 1997, the EU’s Scientific Committee on Food recognized a link between canthaxanthin intake and retinal problems, so in April 2002, SCAN suggested lowering the level of canthaxanthin to 25 milligrams per kilogram in feed for salmonids (baby salmon). To date, no government has banned canthaxanthin from animal feed.
Conan the Barbarian. I’m serious.
Glenora Distillery, which has been in operation for about two decades, won "Distillery of the Year" honors. (Go here for the background on the maker of Glen Breton whisky and its travails with the SWA.)
There is a lot of good music about at the moment and all of the following are either relatively new, or new to me. I make no apologies for the inclusion of Har Mar Superstar and do not claim him as a ‘guilty pleasure’ - he is brilliant. I recommend the English Heretic album to all you Ghost Box fans and the ever-wonderful Saint Etienne’s Richard X remix of Foxbase Alpha called Foxbase Beta is simply sublime.
"Oscar."
"It isn't," Gehry said.
federal, United Nations (UN) Chosen Masters/Powers in Charge: We will
When, after a while, I also decided to give up meat, except for the occasional small portion of chicken, the results were nothing short of miraculous.
-Elliptical time
I don’t really know who has self-selected to respond on these websites, and I think it would be easy to dismiss them as a relatively small, immature, ignorant segment of the population. But are they? What sorts of influence do they have? How many women in their lives are subjected to this sort of language and the attitudes driving it? And I’m not saying these are all men excusing Gibson and those like him. What does it mean that so many are unconcerned by this behavior? Or that of Charlie Sheen? Or at least not concerned enough to raise their voices. 19 out of 20 people had no problem with his words. And more than that when you factor in the later article.
Paper towel for blotting and cleaning the Aqua Painter
But the brave soldier was involved in a fire-fight and hit in both legs.
This is where we went:
At supper when Jesus takes, blesses, breaks and gives them the bread, they recognize him, then almost immediately lose him again as he vanishes. The Emmaus story teaches us once again that we do not possess Jesus. Not when we gather at table around Scripture and the Breaking of Bread. Not when we invite him into our homes and our hearts.
That is precious, and practical. I can see using it at dressy dinners aboard ship, at casino roulette table in the evening when I don't want to have a purse in the crush of the crowd.
During the meal, we chatted and at one point I asked Mark how he could be a Christian and yet much of his tour schedule consisted of playing at rowdy bars. Mark made reference to the Gospel passages that tell how Jesus went to be among the publicans and the sinners. He said that he wanted to minister to the people that really needed it and not so much to play in churches. His mission was to save lost souls. He knew that he still had a large fan base from the Grand Funk days and many of those fans frequented bars. If he was there with them, he might have the opportunity to minister to them. This sounded like a good answer to me.
NO. APPEARING: 1-6
“That wasn’t all that long ago, and it sounds pretty thin to me.”
It is with a very warm feeling of pride and love that I write about her today. A mother every girl would want to have, a grandmother whom the grandchildren treat like a friend and above all a woman of substance that even the Creator would feel proud of.
Books that require special handling because they are extremely heavy (for example, multi-volume sets) can be shipped only to locations within the U.S. Please also check the product detail pages for this and any other item-specific shipping restrictions.
You know what, enough! I shall say no more. See for thyselves, the wonder that is…
happiness is invited into their homes.
Allow me to beg you to read on. Not just because you must know about this if you witness a horrific event, but you must know what to do if you are the subject of the event, and need to know how to stop the bystander effect from getting in the way of life-saving help.
Just a quick post to let you all know that I am still here...
Times Downloaded: Wish I knew, but I'm not provided that data in real-time. Maybe at the end of the quarter they'll let me know. Or not. Clueless as to how they report out free downloads.
Hello, and welcome back to another challenge at Creative Card Crew! We are glad that you are here.
Two prominent types of televisions are Plasma and LCD. Are they one and the same? No, they’re not. Since it is apparent that many consumers are confused and misinformed about the dissimilarity of Plasma Televisions from LCD ones and vice versa, consider some factors on how to determine which technology best suits you. Read the full article to know more?
Also, they do their daily washing at the municipal toilets and hang it up to dry on the railway fence - not a pretty sight for tourists or residents.
Terry Kath - guitar, lead vocals
And this dear readers is a piece I can safely bet most of you have never seen, nor knew existed. It is a gold lame flapper wig. Exceedingly rare, exceedingly valuable and exceedingly beautiful. It is, like the girl who wears it - a work of art.
P.S. If you have children, take a third of the cake, wrap it up, and hide it for yourself. Otherwise, you’ll never get any.
Every Thanksgiving evening I would say different phrases: “Boy, I have the shivers………Is it cold in here all of a sudden?”…….”Did someone just open the door?…… I would say it nonchalant like, and they would look at each other, get up, and try to beat each other to the Hearth Room. There would be a movie waiting for them every time. Score one for Mom.
Author-volunteers may give away (we don’t sell books) and sign their books while in the booth. It’s a super networking opportunity. That said, I do ask that author-volunteers to be willing to wear two hats and to promote SinC while in the booth.
“No – who the HELL are YOU?!” he shouted. “I don’t know you! Where the hell did you come from?”
if i suddenly decide that pouring walnut dye onto a piece of organic cotton canvas in a motel carpark on the California coast is the best way to spend that particular morning
BOSS
Balsamorhiza sagittata (Arrowleaf Balsamroot)
War with the Vrun Colonies has primarily consisted of a winter offensive of guerilla warfare, with Fort Greenpennant starting its own 'Hardpoint' cantons/mini-forts, and saboteurs introducing a blight to Xudorn's hydroponics lab. The Black Crown has shared the forging process of the Bright Metal, in exchange for a leg-up on Zeppelin technology. The local tribe of Abbekqorru have been fully integrated into Xudorn, and a ship load of Durn have immigrated to her shore as well.
New Zealand is currently growing at 1.2% a year. That dismal number scares me. It scares me because not only does New Zealand have to recover the losses from the global financial crisis, we have to recover several decades of under-performance relative to other OECD countries.
The so-called Homosexual Classrooms Act will turn America’s schools into indoctrination centers and its classrooms into social laboratories — and they’re pulling out all the stops to pass it.
Glendower
Zune HD Review – The Evolved PMP
As you breathe-out direct this feeling of strength to families of Ruby, Shaun and Summer
(June 10, 2008) “The risk that the economy has entered a substantial downturn appears to have diminished over the past month or so.”
The database could help identify trends that lead to successful reclamation of sites disturbed by oil and gas drilling, said Curran of Manasquan, N.J., who will also develop his thesis from the project.
In a small bowl, mix rice vinegar, olive oil, goat cheese, honey, and salt & pepper. Drizzle over salad and serve.
This argument, which reflects the case’s more general “Blame-Another-Defendant” strategy, at the very least would imply that discovery should continue forward, to determine which Durham employees fed the spokesperson this false and malicious material, which he then unthinkingly parroted to the local, state, and national media. Yet the Durham attorneys cite this version of events as an argument for why the case should be immediately terminated before any discovery occurs.
I've taken a photo as well as scanned the card (not a great photo but at least you can see that the card is an easel card.)
“I still have a vision of him crossing Cambridge St. towards the store,” said Lehane, “and being, ‘that’s Robert. B Parker.’”
Usage – The haughty ways he displayed his work turned off her peers.
.For $13,500, a person can go there and do exactly that.These are canned hunts which means the animal has no chance for escape and is in an enclosed area that makes it extremely easy to kill them.They are also usually very used to the presence of humans so they do not have the fear of man as would a wild bison
País: EE.UU.
10/20/2011 SELL 0.01 gbpchf 1.42603 10/20/2011 1.40925 +18.76
This year I have written a "Fruit of the Spirit" curriculum for our scripture study together. It's hardly a new idea, but every month of the school year we take a different "fruit" and memorize scripture that ties to it. The kids also have a "Fruit of the Spirit" Journal that they write in nightly.
"Emotions have a collective existence" that is, how you feel is also dependent on "not just your choices and actions, but also on the choices and actions of people...who are one, two and three degrees removed from you." (Pam Bellack, New York Times, Dec 4, 2008) That is, we tend to imitate what others are doing even at a cellular level (mirror neurons). If we are around negative people, we tend to become negative. If we are around people setting a good example, we tend to follow it. This leads to the point of "No Kidding About Bullying" by Naomi Drew, that children can be taught empathy, compassion, and the social skills needed to combat a bullying atmosphere.
Firstly loose the detail. Yes people and hands are difficult to draw and we all struggle with them if you try to capture the details. If you think of people as stick people. It gets a lot simpler. Take for example these examples from Austin Kleon about how to draw faces. Communicating an idea doesn’t need a Michelangelo rendering to get the point across.
The Fellow is also at liberty to teach a specialised IP course at NUJS if he/she wishes.
Yesterday, 40 Nobel laureates sent a letter to the Indian government urging it to ensure that Dr Sen is given a fair trial, and asking for him to be released on bail.
Lots of fun and games with the tests.
... (Chief business officer Fred) McWhorter said the school corporation has made efforts to show the community how it’s worked to make the school system better.
If only a bird would write it in the sky
I’m going to be a bit spotty in posting the next few weeks. 19 days and counting down to the wedding!! Julie is really stressing because the G8 summit will be at Camp David on May 18th and 19th and they are warning people about the traffic mess Frederick will be. She’s getting married outside Frederick. We are praying all of the whack-a-doodle protestors stay home!!
merchandise has been dragged across,
Christ is found when we have confessed our sins and listened attentively to the teaching of the gospel, the bread of everlasting life, meditated upon it and rooted it firmly in our hearts, so that we may fulfil it by good works and proclaim it to others that they may observe it also.
My trip now seemed feasible. Finances were in place. Costs on accommodation had come down to almost zero. I was looking forward to meet fellow travelers, share stories and experiences with them. Amid all this calculated chaos, were requests pouring in from travelers who’d be coming to Chennai anytime soon and were expecting me to host them. I was a bit skeptical in the beginning but I thought, why not. So I accepted my first guest, David Villiger from Switzerland. That’s all I knew of him. And I don’t regret that day. It was a beautiful experience getting to know him and getting to know more people like him. Since then, there has been no looking back. I have had the pleasure of meeting people from different backgrounds, cultures and ethnicities. With so much differences, we share one thing in common – our love to travel and meet like minded people.
Or most of the countries in Asia. Russia. China.
Accommodation can be arranged in a variety of local venues in and around the village.
We can learn two things from this object lesson:
9 Message To Michael
A: Not at all. Most of my self-pubbed ebooks are available in print, through Createspace. This December, I've earned over $2300 on them.
Is someone who’ll be there
Publisher: Farrar, Straus and Giroux BYR
I'm so excited to announce that I have been asked to design needle felting projects for Clover Needlecraft, Inc.!!! The past few days have been very busy, as I have just completed several designs for Clover's project sheets. It's an awesome opportunity to publish some of my work with a wonderful company. Ahhh, yes, and on top of all that, I was provided with an ample supply of Clover's outstanding felting tools and roving to work with. I'm like a kid in a candy store! To think, before working with Clover, I did all of my needle felting projects with a single non replacable barbed needle! Clover's tools utilize several needles, or you can use just one if you like...the point is, there are options. This was also my first experience working with Clover's felting brush pad, which, again was SO much better than my foam cushion (the needles don't get stuck in the felting pad!).
My mom has been ill, and is now in the hospital. For the last 3 years, in addition to caring for our families, my sisters and I have been taking care of the lady who brought us into the world...
Of all the moments that sparkle in my life, this one is unexpected and yet the dearest. Tomorrow we bury my father. My mother, sister, brother and I greet the visitors for the ritual viewing. Some people we know and some we don’t. Even so, each one has something to share–a story, a tiny piece of my father that I didn’t know. Each one smiles, some cry . . . but everyone smiles. He taught me. He pestered me to come to class. He encouraged me to race faster than I thought I could. He helped me. I’ve always loved my father, but I’ve never been prouder.
“The Best Companies for Leadership recognize innovation is key to their future growth and ability to survive in a fiercely competitive global market,” said Rick Lash, director in Hay Group’s Leadership and Talent practice and co-leader of the Best Companies for Leadership Study. “Many companies prize innovation, but the Best Companies for Leadership approach it in a disciplined way by building agile organizations, promoting collaboration, celebrating successes, learning from setbacks and fostering a culture that encourages a passion for innovation throughout the organization.”
Row 19: Knit 2 stitches together, purl 1 stitch, knit 2 stitches together. (3 stitches)
Would I recommend The Fab Pore Hot Cloth Cleanser? Of course! I didn't think the cloth made that much of a difference personally, as flannels seem to do the job just as well. I think the cloth is softer and less harsh, but don't quote me on that. I find my face looks brighter after using it and of course, it's much softer! The tube is convenient and it's also easy to slip into a washbag or something if you're going away, so there's no excuse for not having a "Fab" complexion!
Although, I worked for a private company, without really being involved first hand with its own charitable institution, I think I contributed by investing and organising activities and events which catered to the employees’ well-being. Employees are people who get stressed a lot, after all. Yes, I got paid to do what became a task that I learned to loved. Still, it’s fulfilling to see how much of a success your project is and most especially, how it somehow touched the employees’ lives.
SUGARfx Punchline is part of Noise Industries’s FxFactory, the visual effects platform for Apple Final Cut Pro, Motion, and Adobe After Effects.
the graceful shadow of a yin Buddha’s face
Thanks again as always for following us!
Wellington, New Zealand – Unrated. I actually never cycled to the terminal but thoroughly enjoyed cycling under the main runways in a very long tunnel. Sure beats cycling around the runways. A bike path on the side of the road will also get you to the terminal.
The content of this blog is the original content of Diane McDermott, NC Residential Real Estate Broker in Charlotte NC’s real estate market serving neighborhoods in Charlotte NC
I really enjoyed Game of Your Life, but I couldn't get my almost 16 yr old boy interested. After viewing it, I believe he will really want to watch it b/c he's such a gamer. Maybe he'll tune in on the second~I think it's GREAT and most kids will like it.
As well, the Farrell Sentiment Index (not shown) which takes into account half of the ‘neutral’ respondents has provided a buy signal by rising from below 0.50 and crossing higher.
And man was there a storm yesterday. I don't know how many of you experienced it, but I got some of the really heavy rain. No tornados touched down here, but I saw a picture of a high school completely destroyed.
Please don't kick my tail. I know I didn't train, but I really want to see where I'm at before I start training. I hope you understand.
This concert was staged in the larger but far less salubrious environs of the O2 Hall, a domed monstrosity on the South bank of the Thames at Greenwich. That this pile sits even close to Greenwich Park makes it even more of an eyesore.
Obviously my adjustment back to site after more than 2 weeks away was really difficult. Everyone seemed to think I was still sick, and I guess I was, but I didn't want them to think that. They've been really nice and helpful though. My host mother has served me chicken more in the last month than all of the previous ones combined. She lights mosquito coils next to me while I eat dinner, and puts the fan on me to blow the mosquitoes away when we relax in the living room. I've had so many people in our community ask me how I'm feeling, and if I'm still sick. It's so nice to see that the Khmer people care about you.
VG: I can’t answer this question - I am not sufficiently well read in comtemporary fiction that deals with the female experience. Why? Because I am a living female. I read to escape the actuality of everyday life, not to look in a mirror.
If you are unwilling to change or lead from the “my way or the highway” standpoint; you are not leading. That is called dictating.
The CDC recommends that average adults get at least 2.5 hours of moderate activity a week plus muscle strengthening activities 2+ days a week. Personally, I try to exercise 3-5 days a week with various combinations of cardio and weights.
When something is looming large in your mind, or you are at odds with somebody over some issue, try to take that step back and gain some perspective. Take a deep breath, allow yourself to consider another angle and look at the measure of importance with an objective eye. You may just save yourself a bunch of anxiety and frustration or you may decide to head into the storm or go fishing……..
The vital words in the statement come here. Bill Miller is “basically there in terms of his bid”. That implies that Mr Miller’s £11.2 million bid is acceptable to D&P.
A statement issued Wednesday by Canton, Mass.-based Dunkin' Brands Inc., however, said the scarf had a paisley design, and was selected by a stylist for the advertising shoot.
M followed me into the laundry room. Then she got bored. And when M gets bored it usually means trouble of some kind. Today was no exception. She crawled into my bedroom and started playing under DH's desk. Normally, I don't mind - she has toys scattered throughout every room, and she usually pulls one to her choice sitting spot and entertains herself. Except that today, she somehow managed to get tangled up in a lamp cord.
Yet, he recognized that differences will always exist and that such differences are part of the foundation of a democracy. “We will argue about everything,” Obama said. I appreciated that the President emphasized that point, that freedom of speech point.
(sparc) 4.0,REV=01.05.2004.19.58
With Classic Constructed, you need to make a Deck (minimum 60 cards, not including your hero) with all the cards that ever came out. Even though this may seem easier than the Core Constructed, personally I don’t think it is. You can actually get the best cards of every set possible and turn them into a really good deck. For a beginning player, I find this really hard as you would need to start buying the specific cards or you need to be able to trade them with someone else (another option is of course buying the boosterboxes if they are still available but this would cost a lot of money).
In secret boxes store these hidden treasures
This is the essential charter school model and the money is all the rationale its promoters need. Think about it. There’s a trillion dollars a year spent on public education in the U.S. and enterprising investors want to get their meat hooks on it. Where else in the world can you find a $1 trillion opportunity that is essentially untouched? Not in automobiles. Not in health care. Not in weapons, computers, banking, telecommunications, agriculture, entertainment, retail, manufacturing, housing. Nowhere.
If someone was to make their own copies of these books and DVDs and sell them for far cheaper than mine, yes, this could hurt my business.
I will be watchful to see if any of the eagles I know are missing?
2oz brown sugar
Kay, passing on both awards to these fabulous people:
Point St. Benedict’s Winter Ale (reviewed by DP)—Great label, with a likeness of St. Benedict reading an illuminated manuscript by candlelight. The beer pours a beautiful rich brown with a slight orange cast. Clean nose with just a hint of clove. But the taste, alas, does not match up with the look. The bittering is out of balance and is a bit too aggressive. But the real problem is a pronounced, lingering astringency in the mouth and on the finish. They had to have tasted this at the brewery. I think they got some tannin extraction on this one and couldn't bring themselves to dump the whole batch, so they just went ahead and bottled it up anyway. Bad move and quite unpleasant. I dumped out more than half the bottle. St. Benedict definitely deserves better than this. Rates 0 out of 10. (Reviewed by DP)
I have found a place - such a relief I can't even tell you.
When I read laments about the white farmers, I remember the story that when some of our area (altitude 6500 feet) was rezoned for white farms, the people were sent to an area which was only 3000 feet in altitude....and a couple dozen ended up dying of cerebral malaria.
JO: Well, it’s a five-party system in Edinburgh, a two-party system in Glasgow. Gay marriage – is there really a driving need for same-sex couples to get married? Gay adoption, yes, civil partnership, yes, but gay marriage? What blue sky thing – land values tax, try to fix the problem of huge swathes of land owned by absentee landlords and people living in high-rise flats.
Yaya Chique, Design House for "debi lynn designs" is now ONLY my showroom & studio and will only be open to the public for special events.
Ben Swift – Another young sprinter – Stage wins in the Vuelta and Tour Down Under show his ability and he can climb better than some sprinters, which gives him an edge in the lumpier stages. Expect him in the lead-out for Cav or else having a go himself.
To make my birthday after party a bit more fun, and even more about me, I have drafted a 30-question (30 years, 30 questions) quiz all about me.
Heather has also generously donated the printable for this completely FREE so it's yours to keep - just follow the link above to the blog post. I am going to make A5 copies and keep them in my office.
I stuck around for the first thirty seconds or so, and silly me thought that this was one of those statistic videos. Five children die of starvation every three seconds or what have you, fifty percent of all marriages end in divorce, that sort of thing.
We know this from Germany, most recently famous Protestant cleric Margot Kaessmann publicly said she prefers to pray for the Taliban instead of fighting or bombing them. This is the German way of love and peace with those who love death and destruction.
I am aware of some police interventions with people under the influence of cannabis which have lead to them being admitted to a hospital on the grounds of being mentally ill. I am aware that some of those led, just a few days later, to the person being released from care because the effects of drugs had worn off and it was no longer believed that they sufferred from a mental disorder. (I am also aware of a case where this occurred after a man drank a bottle of red wine having also taken over-the-counter medication to assist him to stop smoking – the two things produced a chemical effect which made him present to police officers as if he were mentally ill. The MHA assessment team agree and detained him s2 MHA.)
Christine, at the prompting of her neurologist, resorts to a ploy that Mike Befeler's elderly protagonist Paul Jacobsen also uses in the geezer lit cozy RETIREMENT HOMES ARE MURDER (published 2007), keeping a journal on a daily basis. The journal becomes his memory. In Christine's case she records what she is told as well as what happens to her. So this "memory" is imperfect as well.
9) Made an after work trip to Walmart. Now since living in a much more civilized area of the country, I have Kroger's everywhere I can throw a stone. But at 1030 - no such luck. So I mosey into my local Wally World and they are in the process of restocking and people and lifts and pallets of enormous portions of product are everywhere. I get my Aspercreme (my knees after Grandpa's Ridge are a major concern) and knock off 7-up and a get well card for a pal and head for the check out line. There is not one! It's all self check out. Two young and handsome kids tell me to go ahead of them because I have less stuff. Oh such cute little hunks! Chivalry in the South! Who would have thought it still survives.
But then there's that training issue. If the longbow becomes an ultimate weapon, what are all the players going to make to maximize their character's damage output? Yeah, that one is pretty much a no-brainer. It's game balance on a generic and bland scale but its necessary in some forms.
I just sewed the blanket right sides together leaving a 6 inch opening for turning it right side in. Then, zig zagged stitched all the way around the perimeter.The gift for the baby boy was a set of four bibs using two different rocket ship fabrics, flannel and terry cloth. I used the bib pattern found here at juicy bits blog. I use industrial snaps at the top instead of Velcro because I like the look of the big shiny round snaps on something so delicate!
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes until a skewer comes out clean. Allow to cool and decorate as you wish.
By the third day, my friends and I came up with a pretty great combination approach to contend with this alluring and alternative new cohort of ours. It involved mild forms of kidnapping and demands for entertainment. It was aces.
I’ve converted over from the blackberry world, into the apple world. And this is my first post written strictly on my iPhone.
"Indeed?" He looked over one of his many pairs of spectacles, "So you say. I should like to see you prove it. However, that's for another day. Shall I continue?"
The bone marrow is a clever rendition, with the quivering mass of unctuous bliss served not in the original bone but a column of grated potato and parsley that tricks us all.
I don't think that you can blame me too much for not having uploaded any pictures from the trip just yet.
“The infographic below, courtesy of Veracode, presents a pretty sobering look at how well public companies are doing with cybersecurity.” Read more..
People stopping taking time to look at wreaths . Lest we forget @ABCNews24 #ANZAC2012 #AnzacDay2012"
To make this life feel new.
They're not the cheapest, but they're the nicest canisters I found by far. (If you want big ones to hold flour you'll have to buy the big 5.5 quart ones separately.) I also found a few randomly at HomeGoods, they were way cheaper but only had a few at a time.
When someone connected to us experiences a tragedy, it impacts us in a personal way. There is, of course, our concern and caring and compassion for that person, that family, that circumstance.
Newsmax
It was not a chance meeting, I mean after all, the sun was out and you expect to see someone you know enjoying the weather. This however was not what I had in mind nor need at this point in my life.
5. Trent ran out of shirts, so I spent a chunk of this morning, ironing more. irritating.
seek shelter on your land,
I was fortunate to attend the 24th International Montessori Congress in Paris several years ago. I recently re-read my notes on the various lectures. Those on Lynne Lawrence's talk (current Director of AMI) regarding the sensorial materials highlight the significance of the work I outlined in the above paragraphs. She states, “in the simple act of pairing...the child questions whether two sensory impressions are the same or different, makes a decision, acts upon this decision and bears the consequences of this judgement. At the same time the child may revise this decision when faced, later, with a final pair that do not match.” She concludes, “The activity...strengthen(s) their ability to make choices and act upon their own judgements and decisions.”
Not because you get to accomplish what is expected of you on a daily basis you are already ‘more productive’. Being as such lies is introducing something new or extra. It could be a new or an improved process, a solution to a problem or difficulty, a resolution to a challenge, an answer to a long-time-unanswerable question, addressing of a concern, or fixing of an issue.
So far there has been a very encouraging response. We are already at over 20% and there are a couple of good potential developments that could make a significant difference as investors and Trusts consider possibilities.
Horace Greeley said "Go west, young man," but the singer of this song's advice is "Go underground, young man." Is he saying the best strategy for dealing with life in the ghetto is to give up and drop out? Become a drug user or even a drug dealer to escape the frustrations of ghetto life?
you want that request granted, do it in
times, lol!! But now there is space for our own definitions of life and
Imagine having your very first job as a newly qualified vet chronicled on a popular BBC television series... that's just what happened to Emma Milne! A widely respected figure in the animal welfare world and a Patron of Dogs Trust, Emma has now revealed the full story behind eleven seasons of Vets in Practice.
The FCC did not set a deadline for launching the database, but it did say that for the next two years only the top four network affiliates in the top 50 markets will be required to post, with the rest of the stations given until July 1, 2014 to do so.
We tried everything... There was just too much damage that was done. I was spending more time sleeping alone in a separate room, than together... She and I never did anything together anymore, and trying to go somewhere together, usually lead to an argument in the car on the way. In almost every case, my resentment for her not supporting me in my transition could NOT be let go. In almost every case for her, my transition was something to use as a trump card to arguments.
Here is my recipe for vegetarian stir fried Romaine lettuce with Nam Yee.
We all have our own gifts and talents. While I try to make people feel welcome, I know that I fail miserably compared to my dear cousin. Hospitality is a natural gift with which she’s been blessed.
2010.09.03 Azerbaijan Gumbashly 1 1 One dead as a 'religious dispute' between mosque members results in gunfire.
If you were really being a silly arse about it, of course, you released your favoured band's single in competition with another band covering exactly the same song, meaning somebody had to lose (or both did) in a rather unusual battle of the bands contest. In this case, The Spectrum's studio clock-watching yawnfest of a cover of The Beatles already quite uninspired "Ob La Di Ob La Da" went head-to-head with The Marmalade's slightly less dreary version. The public must have been thrilled to have had three Ob La Di Ob La Das in the same place at the same time*. The Marmalade went to number one and subsequently lasted a few more years despite hippies screaming "sell out!" in their faces, whereas The Spectrum's effort flopped, and they didn't trouble us for much longer.
I blamed myself. Someone had told me at appraisal that I lacked confidence and while I didn’t believe it the first time I heard it, gradually it became the only excuse I could find to justify what was happening to myself. Every time I didn’t speak up, there was the proof! “That’s because you lack confidence,” said the voice inside my head.
If you stumbled in here through a Facebook link that I’ve (finally) shared with some of you people I know (and I should mention that I’m NOT sharing this with everyone, so go ahead and feel a bit special right now), you might want to read the Sharing and connecting post. Maybe the post Winner Material as well. If the contents of the blog confuse you (or even if they don’t but you’re missing some context) take a look at the About section. To read about an issue that has made my life feel empty and useless in recent times, check out this post (especially towards the end) and this one. There’s quite a lot of other related and unrelated stuff in here that I’ve written in the past two months. They tend to be quite long. And I’m not apologising for that, in case you thought so
3) I have been married for 26 years and am the mother of four boys. Their ages ranges from 11-23.
The more we get acquainted with the actions that we take that are abusive, the quicker we can become aware of the steps needed to stop these interactions. I pray for a day when cyber-bullying isn’t an issue, but until that day, the best step is to be made aware that it is one. On the site there’s also a game available to play too called Alex WonderKid Cyber Detective.
In the early 1970s The Funkees were the number-one east Nigerian band and the only outfit to seriously challenge the popular Lagos based rock combos MonoMono and BLO. Stoking the dancefloor was the young band’s first priority and The Funkees were often playing through the night, seven days a week.
I question this phraseology because it would be just like The Man to assign a sergeant to investigate his own son’s wrong doing. If anybody knows if these two John Gordons are related, please drop me a note.
1 naturalist
It's also an interesting topic when thinking about the end, would Dana have shot Marty? She says she wouldn't post-Werewolf attack. And if we consider the events of the movie, is it Marty's free will or hope of survival that leads the Ancients to rise?
2 shoulder
So I had great intentions in regard to my eating, but I do what i always do when i work 16+ hour days and instead i just ate to get through it. All week I worked like a dog.
Well, I'm off to finish dinner and rest. My brain can't take too much in one day. I'm also working on a major construction in Children's Ministry that will start next week. All your prayers that I can handle both projects, Sunday Children's Ministry and my own house chores without feeling overwhelmed.
This book, addresses how hard it is to be an individual who isn’t in shape. Dealing with being away from everything and everyone that you find comforting, as well as showing you the difficulties that you have to overcome to be comfortable in your own skin. It also opens up your eyes to letting you see that it’s not only what is on the outside but, the person as a whole that makes them beautiful.
And now, I’m rushing around, getting ready for a half day of work, a trip to the suburbs, and spending the evening watching my lovely, lovely friend ML get married and then celebrating for the rest of the night.
I love visiting lifestyle and brocante fairs.
So far I’m doing good. But it’s getting tougher. And I really want to get some new eye protection.
And there's scars from the bars on my face
She got really excited - not in a good way - and, although a lot of words came out of her mouth, the only ones I remembered were "Shoulda, woulda, coulda!" It was such a strange response. I think I then said to her "Well, maybe next time", which is an even stranger response because 1) I didn't give her a card, so she would have had no way to contact me and 2) she had very clearly stated that it would be 16 years before she painted again. I'm not waiting 16 years to help her.
Later Gezi saw that Mungate was not wounded. He said, “Let us chase the army of tsicia” But they did not catch him as he had already crossed the Nyaguwe River. hotly was killed, because all the people on both sides had eaten the medicine called
I’m not much of a long term planner. I like to plan, don’t get me wrong; seriously this German does not need an excuse to go list-tastic and bust out Excel spreadsheets but I don’t really think about where I’m going to be in 10 years. Maybe this is because it’ll be like a scene out of Bleak House. I haven’t actually read Bleak House but I imagine the title gives it away?
I like it. What do you think?
Datum: zaterdag 19 en zondag 20 november 2011 . Tijd: 10.00 - 17.00uur
I bought this book for my physics A level studying son last Christmas, and decided to give it a go myself. I like a bit of popular science now and again. Not just because I think Brian Cox is dead cute, honestly. (Did you know he was the keyboard player for D:Ream, of Things Can Only Get Better fame?) He is cute though, isn't he?
Here she is at work.
She said, "Boy, you got some growing-up to do"
‘kolo’ (fox), ‘vagio’ (tiger) and ‘soso’ (rabbit).
Secret Levels
NTSC/PAL Selectable
I want to be the soldier. I want to touch, to hug and to love people that think they are too dirty for such human touch. It is like a magnetic pull in the core of my chest to love like this. I don't know how it's going to happen but I feel like it is. Not only was I born this way, my life of not feeling love is my greatest teacher on what people need and how to give love to them in a way they can feel.
The BA 330 is a habitat that will provide roughly 330 cubic meters of usable volume and can support a crew of up to six. Bigelow Aerospace plans to connect two or more BA 330s in orbit to provide national space agencies, companies, and universities with unparalleled access to the microgravity environment.
I am happily getting the Queendom of Oz back into shape. I love it here! But it's not my home. I still reside with the Queen whenever I can get away from all of the demands of the Royal Zoo.
ps; yes, the photos above are from our new home in portland...more on that later ;0
The concert at the Olympia had some particularities that made that show very unique.
9 Angel in Dixie 4:08
This time they gathered together all their pieces, and used all their cunning in making them change the rules in such a convoluted way that the game seemed to transmute from a mere game into reality itself and eventually into something else altogether, far beyond both game and reality. But there were still no contradictions, just new rules. The Oracles tried again, and again. The rules became an immense cathedral of logic, but still without any flaw.
Well, as time went on the fights got more serious and blood was eventually shed - sometimes in copious quantities. We decided that one of them had to go, and Spot made the culling decision easy. Spot had always been aggressive toward us and the kids, but for the most part he'd been all charge and no spur. His bloody attacks on Dinner, however, made us rethink the possibilities, and (with an outdoor wedding coming up on the property) we decided Spot simply had to go. As Ruby said in Cold Mountain, "I hate a flogg'in rooster. Let's put him in a pot."
Democratic Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren, fending off questions about whether she used her Native American heritage to advance her career, said today she enrolled herself as a minority in law school directories for nearly a decade because she hoped to meet other people with tribal roots.
See why I love running skirts? You dont have to deal with the 'riding up' factor...
So to all of my past customers, thank you for partnering with me to help support entrepreneurs around the world!
% rm tempfile.txt
R&R Concerts continues to produce high quality and highly regarded concerts for the RI community. The program is well-run and brings musical events that Island residents might not otherwise get to enjoy. The leadership of R&R Concerts has done a good job of expanding non-PPF funding sources. Despite the success of the program, the committee recommendation is a slight decrease from last year’s allocation.
My first complaint is the matter of witchcraft. I'm happy to accept that Elizabeth considers herself a descendant of a goddess - there was a great deal of paganism even once Christianity had been taken on board. What I am not happy about are the situations where Elizabeth and her mother influence events through the use of their witchcraft. These were HISTORICAL events! Henry Tudor's fleet was prevented from invading through bad weather - this was not due to witchcraft. I disliked the sensationalism of witchcraft being added to a novel that already had plentiful situations that could be taken with a pinch of salt, but that actually happened.
We all fall down
Carol K. Demitz, 49, New York, N.Y.
A bit of me would like everyone, everywhere, to hear all of it, at all hours. But that's a child's wish. Everyone everywhere doesn't want to hear it, urethral sphincters and all.
I still haven’t quite worked out whether that was a good or bad decision. On the plus side shoe trees have made a great difference to the way in which I store and care for my shoes. Polishing a shoe with a shoe tree in it is a very different proposition from one without. Moreover, there is no doubt that my shoes are in better shape since I have started using shoe trees. And while it is a minor thing I do get a little kick out of seeing my shoes neatly lined up in the closet, with the shoe trees inserted.
A new project! My good friend Karyn brainstormed this beauty and I was honored to be asked to join the group. Carnivalesque: The Travelling Blog Show features five writers, all with strong opinions and mad writing skills. Every Thursday, we hang out virtually at one of our blog-homes and discuss a topic - then open up the comments so others can weigh in! And it's not all about writing - or romance. The topics range from the arts to news to pop culture. Every week, a different host and a different topic. I'm excited by the possibilities.
The truth is, this is extremely unlikely. How often do the porn world and the quilting world meet? Still, it's impossible to stop or control. If someone nasty wants to do something nasty with my work, I can't do much about it.
But – I had an appointment for a mammogram this morning, so after breakfast (no fasting required) and a bit of Africam viewing – I headed out for the appointment. What fun – letting them squish my frozen breasts to take pictures. They are actually very good there – but it is still uncomfortable.
He rode between the barley sheaves,
Well hello there, world.
something happens and I feel the need to wake and scream,
What we got was the usual opener. But this time I loved it. Run around and defeat a quirky threat and imbue with plenty of comedy. Thing is with Partners in Crime it has enough depth to make you think about it for a few days afterwards and go, ‘Oh, that’s clever’. Monsters called the Adipose (look it up) - tiny cute alien babies formed from fat in overweight people (‘We’ve travelled a long way to find a country as suitable as this’!). It seems to be a win win because earthlings lose wait and the Adipose family grows in number. But something goes wrong and people literally start falling apart to create these little bubbas. RTD is interesting on the moral side of things. It ends with a memorable line. The Doc is asked if he will blow the Adipose up. ‘No, they’re babies. They can’t help where they came from.’ There’s one to ponder.
* Set an integer variable in the kernel or a module to a new value.
solo gig outside Itly and England.
In doing so this documentary explores life with Autism from just about every angle tackling many of the issues that are often hidden or under-represented within mainstream media.
Seriously? Is he really trying to pass me and drive into our scene?
We've gathered up some lovely goody bags filled with surprises from our sponsors. PLUS: chances to win a fabulous camera bag from Ketti Handbags and Jo Totes. PLUS: the sweet Elise from Blowfish Shoes (the lady behind the Blowfish Twitter and Instagram) is headed to Portland to hang out with us at the event! She's planning a little game for you all.... and, yes: a few lucky bloggers will be winning some Blowfish Shoes! Heck yeah!
I Think We Might Be Weirdos – The Tumbledryer Babies
“Women don’t want to just go along for the ride,” said Claudia Garber, Director of Women’s Marketing Outreach at Harley-Davidson Motor Company. “Women want to feel empowered. They want their voices to be heard.”
~Samuel Taylor Coleridge, ‘The Rime of the Ancient Mariner’
The Dunedin City Council is facing a billion-dollar bill to maintain existing water services over the next 50 years. The forecast costs were outlined in the council’s “3 Waters” strategy, along with a warning “trade-offs” would be needed – reducing funding for some non-essential water services – to minimise the effect.
-News that every Eagles fan wants to hear. CB Asante Samuel was walking by the crowd when a fan yelled out “we want you here Asante”, who replied “do you?” The crowd then erupted yelling “yeah” and applauding, to the delight of Samuel, who was very vocal all morning.
Well actually, I'll start with booze, since you know, Cinco de Mayo is right around the corner, and that calls for boozin' like you get paid to do it. I couldn't think of a name for this drink, but after some delightful Facebook suggestions, I came up with "The Hunt for Red Hot Summer".
Speaking of flying…or fluttering. Today, the Lawn Fawn Design team is featuring the set Flutter By which is one of my favorites. Here is what I came up with:
Some of the notable new courses offered to the students this year include -Financial Engineering, Managing Entrepreneurial Firms and Family Business, International Marketing, Retail Management.
A number of 12-year-old girls were beginning to use lipstick and would put it on in the bathroom. That was fine, but after they put on their lipstick, they would press their lips on the mirror, leaving dozens of little lip prints.
Men and women still live apart — the men in long houses and the women in round ones — the penis gourd, tied rather painfully around the scrotum, is the preferred dress for gentlemen, and there are persistent rumours that, just occasionally, the Dani eat people.
Queen Who wants to live forever? UK
Lime is the theme for Arts in the Cards for March. Limes are delicious and refreshing, and lime is one of my favorite colors. I use it so much that I think of it as a neutral...when I don't know what to do with a piece of art, I use lime thread to stitch it, or dab on lime paint.
She stared down at a muddle of D's and F's on his eighth-grade report card and threatened to kick him out. He had barely passed elementary school, and high school wasn't even on his radar.
Our sponsor this week, MyGrafico, generously provided the Design Team with a lovely digi set to play with called "Lacey Frames." The set includes a variety of oval-shaped frames, and let me tell you, they make putting together a card such a snap! To make this card, I printed the frame on white cardstock, then layered it on to a piece of the hot pink cardstock. I then added a hot pink oval to the center, where I stamped the greeting in Versafine black ink. The patterned papers are from my scraps stash. I used one of my border punches by Fiskars to liven up just the corners of the polka dotted paper. In keeping with the challenge, I added a little floral and ribbon embellishment, with a pearl-topped hat pin tucked into the center of the ribbon behind the flowers.
A temperature of 101 degrees or above accompanying one or more of the other symptoms is usually a good indication of infection. An elevated temperature along with a persistent sore throat could be the result of a tonsil infection.
My legs are weak my heels are low.
My training's a little more advanced then his, of course, but not much. We're both learning Yellow Belt techniques and we both have the same teacher(s). So, while my instruction is more in depth, we are, essentially, on the same page. I love that I can "help him with his homework" as it were, and that we can have fun practicing our techniques and forms together. (Per his request, Santa is bringing him his own punching bag to practice on at home. Shhhh.)
46. Clan of the Cave Bear - Jean M. Auel
I choose to build and live in a sunny, spacious, glamorous, attractive, exquisite, quiet, lovely, and well-looked after mansion, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Serve with sour cream and additional salsa.
Is there a coherent basis for this attitude, or is it merely totemic?
- New recipes
"This is about lifting up America."
You may want to take resveratrol. Studies have shown Resveratrol has many anti-aging benefits. You can find it in nuts and grapes. Resveratrol can be found in some supplements and in Japanese knotweed. Resveratrol is found in Senna Quinquangulata too.
I watched more Smallville than was probably good for me. I loved the heck out of the premise. Seeing Superman before he is impossible to stop, as he’s discovering his powers, and going through high school. The execution was often poor however, many patterns for the show quickly emerged and were repeated over and over again. After high school the show seemed to really derail its narrative momentum. So yeah, not top ten.
Please stop by the booth to try it out, or, if you can't make it to the show, ask your favorite Copic supplier to bring some in for you. Trust me, you'll love it!
“A belief is not an idea held by the mind, it is an idea that holds the mind” Elly Roselle
We need to keep our insurance and investments separate, and should not invest in insurance, or seek insurance in investments!
-He is a mover and shaker, he's constantly moving while sitting in the highchair, or sitting in our laps, one of his favorite things to do is bump back and forth in his highchair, he thinks its hilarious and gets to laughing so hard at himself, its pretty cute to watch
I am so happy that the lady showed us this trick! I have a feeling that I will be eating more seafood this way!
The higher dollar has clearly shown that it has the potential to impact important sectors of the economy. Many experts believe that Canada’s manufacturing sector has been damaged by a dollar that makes our goods less competitive in the key U.S. export market, as well as globally. Our manufactured goods are expensive and business revenues in Canadian dollar terms are lower. Meanwhile, high Canadian production and labour costs provide companies with more incentive to manufacture in the U.S., Mexico and Asia.
Then priest may return to his chair and when he sits down the people can sit down. If appropriate, a sacred silence may be observed for a while, or a psalm or other canticle of praise or a hymn may be sung.
maybe I shall allow as well tears and screams.
Combine vanilla sugar, cornstarch, sea salt, and vanilla seeds in the bottom of a medium-sized, heatproof bowl. Gradually whisk in 2/3 cup of the coconut milk, a little at a time; then whisk in the egg. Set aside.
Head chef Samantha Cameron. Chicken’s off the menu but here’s a tasty cock up.
Continue to form balls of mixture and put them on a lined baking sheet with parchment paper.
Molly, caution! You can’t call ‘em niggers no more. Black people they’re called. Black people, colored people, I don’t know which. No way can we keep up with it. And then…like we’re learnin’ that they ain’t bad folk. You can see they came here determined to change places with us. If I was one of ‘em, I’d probably want the same thing. But I’m not one of them. Now we’ll see. I meanwhile have a ringside seat.
her- that's full time rush (0r something)
In the space of those 5 'Otherworld' issues of Uncanny X-Force and in the 5 issues of Secret Avengers there have been a number of inconsistencies, contradictions and just plain bewildering behaviour traits which I cannot explain away. I will go into more detail with each run in separate articles. They at least deserve that. But in brief, between the two books, I can definitely guarantee that new readers will experience the following:
saw….
John is our clock-maker. He explains the heave
WHAT THE ACTUAL FLYING FUCK
Yesterday, at lunchtime, I made a quick foray into the supermarket, directed shopping, vector in toward target... acquired, basket, check-out. No unnecessary aisles, in and out, like a commando raid behind enemy lines.
"Gorgeous" George Galloway has won a massive victory in the Bradford West by-election. The Respect party leader overturned a 5,000 Labour majority to take the seat with a 10,000 margin. This blog can only salute his indefatigability.
Raising these points in the discussion just elicited two reactions from the group: some were irritated and annoyed, and others were condescending and said that such claims were probably made by industry-sponsored researchers.
Initially cynical of the extreme good looks (and tales of very small swimming trunks....) I came to realise that behind the general gorgeousness was actually a total lack of pretention, a ready smile and a warm wit. He was friendly and helpful to everyone from the professional expats in the bar to the kid selling phonecards in the dusty street. While many of his compatriots were dismissed by the internationals as vain or boorish (usually by those weaker or less pretty!) he commanded universal respect and affection. And a fair bit of drooling.
Bethany Frankel is a three-time bestselling author, a popular TV reality star, successful businesswoman and devoted mom. She makes her fiction debut with Skinnydipping ($25.00, Simon and Schuster), a sexy and hilarious story of Faith Brightstone, an iconic aspiring actress just out of college who wants to conquer Hollywood and have all the perks of fame. Like so many others, her plans do not pan out as she gains a behind-the-scenes experience, suffers heartbreak, and abandons La La Land for New York. The resemblance to Frankel’s real life is unmistakeable. Faith is discovered at a fancy food show after establishing a business, becomes a reality TV star, and wins a contest for her own show. Frankel’s fans will jump at the chance to read this thinly disguised autobiographical novel. A unique look at life in Israel is provided by Sayed Kashua, an Arab who has enjoyed success there, having written two previous novels and as the creator of a groundbreaking Israeli sitcom, “Arab Labor”. He straddles two cultures and his novel, Second Person Singular, ($25.00, Grove Press) is about an Arab criminal attorney in Jerusalem who has a thriving practice in the Jewish part of Jerusalem. By chance, in a bookstore he picks up a book by Tolstoy that has a love letter in his wife’s handwriting. He is immediately consumed by suspicion and jealousy, and determined to find the book’s previous owner. This is a powerful novel of love and betrayal, a complex psychological mystery, and a searing dissection of individuals who live in a divided society.
Maxwell House $0.60/1
Though one very much wishes to uphold the constitutional right of freedom of the individual but would like to argue that, her/his thoughts might also be a result of too much of advertisements or the information on wish individual is feeding themselves, thereby reluctant into listening about things which might lead to uncomfortable situation for them.
1 remain
Plague mainly occurs in animals. People can get it from bites from infected fleas or contact with infected animals or humans. About 1,000 to 2,000 human cases occur worldwide each year.
First to take to the stage was Times Red …
~Melissa
When has legislation in this country been dependent upon the affection the populace has for its president? Was not the formation of legislation assigned to the body of government most representative of the population?
Here’s how the outline is growing.
We figured this would count as being “in the spirit of the challenge” – it is a British pudding, made with a somewhat unusual animal product. The only thing that doesn't meet the requirements is that it's baked, not steamed.
The elf arrives with a bunch of fresh roses. He dumps out the last few drops of my wine bottle and puts the stems inside.
process”
This oval French Provincial is in beautiful condition… can’t wait to get some chalk paint on the skirt!
Godwin Forde, 39, New York, N.Y.
a spice jar, turned candle holder...added a little Epsom Salt...
syndrome. She also juggles a fashion career, volunteering for her sons’ PTA, raising money for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and other charities, attending her sons’ sporting activities five nights a week, exercising, writing, and tending to the daily cooking, laundry, dishes and stress that come with modern life.
1. Mysterious Ways (Livin' Blues, Christiansen) 4:06
As I am learning more about myself, and what truly matters in life.
2 texts
And when I say Yankee, I mean New England High WASP of course. But today’s New England High WASP, while heir to the storied tradition of slender and tony, is a new thing altogether — not afraid of mixing an Ivy League education with a healthy dose of thrift store chic. At least I think this is the case. No one really tells me these things, as I’m from the Midwest — I’m left to surmise the state of modern WASPdom from reading GOOP (only a WASP could understand the appeal of that name for Gwyneth Paltrow) and J. Crew catalogs. But I think I pretty much get what’s going on here. Adapt or die, as evolutionary theory tells us, and the modern WASP is adapting nicely.
An example of this was recently detailed by the Guardian’s Claire Provost in an article regarding Sierra Leone. Claire described a deal in which Belgian Investment Company Socfin SL agreed a 50 year lease for 6,500 hectares of land for which they would pay five dollars per hectare per annum. Even for those with no idea of the general price of land in Africa, this sounds cheap.
Ta-ta for now lovelies,
Unfortunately, when many people are doing their best to promote understanding, some organisations are engaged in small circles, hindering the country’s opening up policy and progress. For example, a total of 76 Malay non-governmental organisations formed a consultative council, Majlis Perundingan NGO Melayu (MPM), to oppose Najib’s opening-up economic measures. They vowed to defend Malay rights and Islam in the country. In fact, many organisations in the country are narrow-minded.
4 GBR 5 1 1 0 3 4
The review commends Libya for improving educational opportunities, for making human rights a "priority" and for bettering its "constitutional" framework. Several countries, including Iran, Venezuela, North Korea, and Saudi Arabia but also Canada, give Libya positive marks for the legal protections afforded to its citizens -- who are now revolting against the regime and facing bloody reprisal.
People kept trying to prepare me for how soft and mushy my stomach would be after I gave birth, but I secretly thought, Not this old buckerina. I think most people undergoing chemo secretly believe they won't lose their hair. Oh, but my stomach, she is like a waterbed covered with flannel now. When I lie on my side in bed, my stomach lies politely beside me, like a puppy.
Despite the salary increase, there will still be savings in costs of about 11% – if you don’t believe me, you can work it out yourself.
"B.C. has got such an uninspiring lot of leaders who stand for nothing, are willing to stand for nothing," he told me from the Mississippi jail where he’s serving out his five-year term for selling marijuana seeds. All play the waiting game, he says, waiting for the other to collapse.
“No,” answered Violet tersely. “She won’t.”
Ayurvedic medicine uses detoxification, herbal remedies, massage, exercise, yoga, breathing techniques, and meditation as part of its cancer treatment. Panchakarma is an extensive detoxification and strengthening program that is recommended for cancer patients and those undergoing chemotherapy and radiation.
The importance of death in these stories as well as in other stories of the collection, including near death, suicide, and possible death (“Holding Her Hand,” “Man Overboard,” “She Suspects,” “Sparkly Blue,” “Feeling Like a Child Again,” and “The Lake at Dusk”) would seem to be a displacement for the way the Sphinx would destroy each person who couldn’t answer its riddle. Oedipus solves the riddle posed by the Sphinx, the answer to which is “Man,” and in the final story of her collection, Bailey as if clears up any remaining mystery as to what happened to “the threadbare girl” in the second part of the story by that name.
I would also like to thank all 106 of you who stopped by to comment on my necklace and earrings. Your visit and your comments mean so much to me. Thank you!
Lori—you’re here!
A winking nights sky, leaves fluttering atop the trees.
These last 5 weeks have been filled with lots of love, fun, laughter, tears, learning moments, rip my hair out kind of moments, and some tender moments. It's been tough, but very rewarding.
1 apparatus
Mom: “Get him up in the middle of the night so he doesn’t wet the bed.”
It’s nearly May, where has P.O.M.E.R.A.N.I.A.N. gone?? We could blame our failure on a number of reasons, but we all know the reason: WE ARE ALL PROCRASTINATORS.
As I said before, I don't want to be your enemy. I don't want to keep you from believing what you believe, or living how you wish to live. If you force me to, however, I will stand in unwavering defense of what I believe is right. I will point out the inconsistencies of your arguments. I will oppose your chosen politicians. I will move to counter your actions at all levels of government. If you choose to use your religion as justification for your actions, I will attack it mercilessly, too. In short, I will not let you take away my rights or co-opt the integrity of this country in the name of your God.
Consider this a public service announcement to all young girls and adults who write for young girls. Words of wisdom from thirty-year-old me to the sixteen-year-old in all of us.
cluttered mind wins,
One might suggest that our culture is in its last days, its death throes, too driven to see into either past or future.
The main tools we use are HootSuite for scheduling and Bit.ly, Omniture, TwitterCounter and Radian6 for tracking, in addition to various built-in insights modules featured on Facebook and Twitter.
M.G. Edwards is a writer of books and stories in the mystery, thriller and science fiction-fantasy genres. He also writes travel adventures. He is founder of Brilliance Equity LLC, an investment firm.
I extend my greetings to the working class of our country. Your organized strength is the pride of our movement: You remain the most dependable force in the struggle to end exploitation and oppression.
God, in his wisdom created the seasons knowing that
Commissioned in White is a light-hearted short novel in the Art of Love series. It ties up some of the loose ends from the first three installments while providing a taste of what is to come in books five and six. It begins where Captured in Ink left off…a few short weeks prior to Jessica and Will’s wedding. We experience Jessica’s fear of getting married after being single for so long and how she tries to cope with that fear through the use of medication on the happy day. The end result was an entertaining ceremony, if nothing else. We also delve more into Reesa and Shane’s abrupt marriage. While adjusting the house to accommodate one more person, Reesa finds her ten-year old wedding dress and feels sad that she never got to wear it after all those years. The dress’s existence gets out and there is talk of having a wedding after the fact so she can wear it. Reesa rejects the idea until her bestie Jillian convinces her otherwise. This wedding, however, ends slightly differently from the other Larson weddings in that the groom, not the bride, flips out. Shane nearly faints and nearly rips Reesa’s dress from her body as he goes down. Reesa also realizes just how much Shane does love her and breaks out of her cocoon, getting a tattoo and piercings to match her husband’s. On a lesser note, Carrie learns that her birth control is not effective against a Larson man, Brooke and Drake continue to spar with one another, while Jillian fights the attraction between her and Joseph.
So we can have potty talk when it is just us at home or when it is just us in the car. Never at dinner- at least not so others can hear you. We're feeling this all out as we go but it is working fairly well so far.
Kobek is a brilliant scholar and is most certainly, despite the extraordinary story of Divine Prophet, himself a better story than the people and events he writes about. He also provides the most complete bibliography of period articles about the crime, and details such as the characters in the book existed also as puppets in a shrine in the Evangelista basement.
Thank you--
Unfortunately, it is a bottomless pit.
her to give it to my sister.'' My heart nearly
Sad that Tim Urban was eliminated. He had talent too. I loved his “Can’t Help Falling in Love with you” performance which was in a totally different league. It is difficult to imagine how else the already perfect song orginially sung by Elvis Presley be changed . Another one of those stellar performances that stood out and that which won’t be forgotten in a hurry. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eLAimcHm4U. But I guess his smile and talent will take him places. Am sure there are lots of avenues opening up for him soon.
Pubs come in 3 basic business models, the single outfit, the horizontally integrated chain and the vertically integrated chain.
Jesus’ call is a call to a cross-bearing discipleship. This type of discipleship really requires two things—the first of which is to deny self. But what does it really mean to deny one’s self? I believe that it means we must willfully go through a process of re-orientation. God must be the center passion of the soul. We see this in the first and greatest commandment as described by Jesus: “Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul and with all your mind” (Matthew 22:37 NIV). In other words, it’s God first not me first. For the believer, nothing should rival his love and devotion to God even if it means the denial of comfort or self preservation. And, when God does become the center passion for the soul, we find a love and grace that has the power to carry us through the uncertainties of this life. Yet the denial of self also means that one is living a life of sacrificial love. The follower of Jesus Christ is known by his or her love for others (John 13:35). And the greatest love is seen through the sacrifice of Christ himself (John 15:13).
It would be nice to enjoy it sooner rather than later…
She felt so bad, and I felt so bad.
A child who is the victim of prolonged sexual abuse usually develops low self-esteem, a feeling of worthlessness and an abnormal or distorted view of sex. The child may become withdrawn and mistrustful of adults, and can become suicidal. Some children who have been sexually abused have difficulty relating to others except on sexual terms."
The Express coat is designed to protect you from the elements; it’s made from a light material, but offers structure.
Love, Cry, Want, S/T, Weird ForestBeautiful job. Psych/prog/free jazz masterpiece.
9. my step- little dragon
Just for fun, let's see how well you know your celebs, tell us who this sexy mouth belongs to. A tip, she also has extremely sexy eyes.
I have chosen to express my anger on the big black dog that lives in my house, and makes my life miserable. The dog hair has always been a source of contention, well I have elevated my discontent trifold. This dog (lab/Shepperd) 100 lbs. 3" long hair - black!
Anyway, I somehow stumbled into this kooky blogging community and decided to set up shop.
Olive oil, 3 tablespoons
Waiting for them at the entrance are about half a dozen skeletons in the uniform of the Emerald Claw as well as a woman sporting a black-and-bone motif. Flanking her are two hulking, 9-foot tall skeletons covered in bloody slime. One of them has Keldor gripped in its claws and and the woman has a knife to the dwarf's neck. She introduces herself as Malvora of Vol and demands that the Order hand over the schema they found in exchange for Keldor's life.
"I’m kind of enjoying not being beholden to any party and being able to speak in my mind," she said. "The problem with running any party is that you kind of need to be a cheerleader for that party’s policies. And I like being able to speak my mind."
04. Hear My Love (Chuck Witherow, Jim Tolliver) - 5:12
Most of all, it has rooms like this one: hardwood floors, lovely woodwork, two slate fireplaces, and loads of potential. It's cheap because it needs work, and it has beautiful bones. Like Goldilocks finding Baby Bear's porridge, when I gaze at the photos, I think to myself, "perhaps it could be just right."
The Aura
Let's carry this over to a simple picture. This Riley Moose was nicely colored, but very flat. I have two colors represented, black and light brown. Not very exciting.
Needless to say, I couldn't pick a song- there are to many choices, so I had to approach my layout tune-less.
The light hit an object (or more exactly the
I love people and I like making new friends, but the thought of starting over from scratch in Fort Worth is a little overwhelming. After nearly 4 years in Austin we have so many friends, so many acquaintances, and so many recognizable faces and contacts. From babysitters, to our nanny, to our dentist, to our doctors... I don't want to find new ones!
The inside of the building didn’t match the exterior. It was situated in one of the low-lying areas of the Docks, where the flooding had yet to fully dissipate. The buildings around here were in such bad shape that nobody was willing to use them for shelter or venture inside to take things. On the inside, however, the place was reinforced with girders and beams. Pieces of sheet metal sat between the thick metal shafts and the exterior wall, with holes cut to accommodate the windows. Handles on the metal shutters suggested that the plywood could be moved aside in a pinch. At ground level, there were stacked sandbags of a slightly different make from the usual, with plastic stapled over each pile.
In closing, I wanted to share a verse with you that one of our friends posted on Facebook as a prayer for all her friends; it really touched me, so tonight I pray this for all of you.
Back in November fellow CZT Diana Hirsch and i had talked about her taking the reins for a challenge to promote a cause close to her heart. So without further ado, i give you this week's guest post:
Always be joyful. Never stop praying. Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God’s will for you who belong to Christ Jesus.
(Oh ho ho, I see what you guys did there at the end. So cheeky.)
Anyway, I’m there now, but I will not abandon my baby here. I’ll still crank out the stories and whatever else jumps to mind. They prefer newsy things of local interest; not my 2000-word rants and long-form style. Nice part is, I can still write that here and link back to it.
They had walked through various stores: Macy’s, Charlotte Reuse, and a few others, but Jane was a little too excited to really pay attention to what kind of dress she would actually want to wear for such an occasion. She’d never been to a formal party such as a prom. She was a flower girl in her mother’s wedding, when she married Tyler’s father, but she was only about 5 and never really remembered much of it. She told Jarrad that this was something she needed to do with her mother, not only because her mother’s opinions would be more than worthwhile but also because her mother would take such great joy in helping her find the best dress for her to wear. Before leaving the mall, Jane needed to find a restroom.
Venue: St. Anthony’s High School, Chembur, Mumbai
Hi guys! It’s me again, your crazy pistachio friend! i wanted to make another posting about kawaii fair, and how AWESOME it is! You need to hurry Hury Hury! (did i mention Hurry?) …Because it ends this saturday! So you have a day or so to soak up all the fun left in Kawaii Fair! Lots AND Lots of cute stuff!! I hope you all have a fun & safe weekend! Have fun and be safe!
Banking Basics: From Checking to Savings
Listing price: $42.5 million
About 2,100 workers in Tulsa were targeted for layoffs in parent company AMR Corp.’s bankruptcy restructuring plan. The contract offer reduces that number “significantly,” a union rep tells the Tulsa World’s D.R. Stewart.
Somehow I think when taking pictures vertically or framing a photo in the portrait mode, a photographer is forced to focus more deeply in getting depth and perspective of the scenery as best as can be. Also, I think the camera sensor is being made to read more contrasting lights from the bottom frame to the top frame and somehow make the best of the lighting conditions.
So when you ask "was something wrong?"
Peppermint tea and a chick flick it is....I'm officially skipping out!
A contact sheet can tell a story and can give us insight to the editing choices of the maker. The photographers’ markings can create an iconic image which becomes an archive of our history.
……God wants your heart. He isn’t looking just for ‘donors’ for His kingdom, those who stand outside the cause and dispassionately consider acts of philanthropy. He’s looking for disciples immersed in the causes they give to. He wants people so filled with a vision for eternity that they wouldn’t dream of not investing their money, time, and prayers where they will matter most.”
And then you have the endless parade of well heeled, well financed, MBA social entrepreneurs who aim to provide reprieve in pockets; some have good systemic analysis while others are feel good careerists.
He said "uncertainty in Greece must be brought to an end ... without utterly destroying that noble country". It seems that "infighting" is the problem, and if only these damn Johnny foreigners would stop it, and jolly well get down to sorting the problems, everything would be tickety boo.
‘It’s been a while since I had a man on my arm,’ she says. I smile apologetically at the husband, but he hasn’t heard.
I’m not making this up: it was an ultra-compact manual journalist’s typewriter from the 1950s, an Imperial Aristocrat, that my sister had acquired for typing classes at school. I got hold of it aged 12 when she went to university, and hammered it so hard that the wire armatures connecting the keys to the type-arms began snapping. Parts were rare, so eventually my parents caved and bought me a newer, heavier, German portable (also manual) as a birthday present. I didn’t kill it, but over the next five years I wore a shiny spot on the space bar under my left thumb, which developed a corresponding callus."
Sometimes, the interrogation expands to the freezer, along with some impatience at the disarray of the items. I do not keep things in the strict order that SH does.
Connecting me to what comes next.
Fukuda is a phenomenal writer, and I loved how he created this story using traditional vampire lore, changing a few aspects to make his story work, but holding true to the main ideas: sunlight can kill, human blood is for drinking, excessive speed is a must, though changing a few other traditions, such as looks—not all vampires are perfect, or beautiful by any means. I liked this aspect; it gave the vampires a more human quality, though they are vastly different based on the ways they interact with one another.
Pages: 346
Now i'm not normally one for spots make my eyes go funny hehe! but i dug out all my spotty things and created something a little unqiue of course!
The big lark business in Leipzig came to a sudden end, when the Saxon King prohibited the killing of skylarks in 1876, due to public protests. A Leipzig baker then invented a sweet alternative, now known as the "Leipziger Lerche" (Leipzig Lark). This short pastry cake contains marzipan, almonds and strawberry jam, its appearance resembling that of the original lark pies. The Leipzig Lark is now a favorite Leipzig
This is one of my cards from the Card Creations Get Inspired issue- The inspiration photo was a stack of older vintagey styled postcards. I don't do vintage very well... so I did clean vintage! ;) This card uses several Unity stamps- Vintage Post Card, and the sentiments are from another kit (which I can't find on the website-sorry!) The dies are from Spellbinders- S4-168 Large Labels.
At our 20th class reunion five years ago, who was asked to be the speaker of the class? Me. No one ever heard of Barack! And five years ago, nobody even knew who he was. The guy who writes the class notes, who's kind of the, as we say in New York, 'the macha' who knows everybody, has yet to find a person, a human who ever met him."
Applying Coloring & Design Concepts
“Hello sir, on behalf of all the Filipino community in Singapore and new citizens like myself, we thank you so much for believing in us and I hope you will continue your good policy of bringing more people from all over the word to take Singapore forward.”
Here is some fan art for Sym-Bionic Titan, which is... SO AMAZING. You really should be watching this show. Seriously. There's 11 episodes so far with (hopefully!) 9 more on the way sometime in the future.
All Submissions will be rolled over and considered to be entered into the contest for the following year.
Firstly take your corn off the cob by running a knife down the edge of the cob, under the kernels. The corn will shoot around a bit but persevere. Chop your zucchini in half down the middle then into half again. Slice each quarter so you are left with small chunks. Put a splash of oil into a non stick frying pan and place over medium heat.
B: Scavenger Hunt
Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.
the lack of true
How does its need for political expedience to secure the Malay votes and win the general election deal with its avowed intention to implement 1Malaysia that directly rejects Ketuanan Melayu?
At the inn I told the same story about my mythical brother. People fear the Hashishim.
Settle down, Kari.
Gary is made of Tofurky, cucumber, & rice cheese. The floatie is soy cheese and red bell pepper.
1/2 cup glutinous rice flour (otherwise known as "mochiko", or sweet rice flour, available at most asian markets)
Susan Smith’s children
friends; the people out there are great. There’s the best record shop in the world, 12 Tónar, where they will sit you down, give you headphones and an espresso and all the time you want to make your choices. The festival itself is enormously well organised, relaxed and easy to get around – the six
Sarah Wirl - 54
Oh, do not ask, “What is it?”
At a hearing earlier today, the Florida Department of Children & Families persuaded a judge to strip Dent of custody of the three children. During the hearing, a DCF investigator told the judge that Dent was “a person of interest” in a double, possibly a triple, homicide.
Driving to pick up Liam I get a call....BLOCKED. Worried that it's Laura needing something, or something is wrong with my Grandma, I answer.
Of course, the real question is this, why is it that each and every tax paying the US is having to deal with a multi-trillion dollar debt, not of their making. That’s the real question, not whether or not Warren Buffett’s secretary needs better tax advise.
We made a pitcher of lemon-cucumber water to drink EXCEPT I did not realize I didn't have cucumbers....oldest son sliced zucchini, thinking it was cucumbers, into the water. NO one noticed though. haha!
Me: (now bricking it. I mean, I'm blonde, in a highlighted kind of a way, and I really don't know if either "yes" or "no" is going to be acceptable. Seriously, are the doors unlocked?) Er, no. (Is this the right answer?)
1) Keep Tinges Commons as a functioning community garden and art space. This is your chance to take over a fully functioning community garden public art space. All the infrastructure is there, but we need new blood and fresh organizers to keep it active.
Ink: Certainly Celery, Rose Red
forty minutes to keep rock commercial free yeah
Always: We try to brush them out so there isn't quite so much on the floor.
and coats are for fools,
What I want to discuss is healing, and how I cannot justify it with my rational being: so how just to trust my emotional being? Of course I did that before: transitioning from acting male to expressing myself female makes no sense at all, rationally, apart from the fact that I Wanted to do it. I so want my rational brain to be able to justify healing work, and it can’t. I grew up having to justify everything rationally, being unaware of my feelings.
with the son of man whom you yourself made strong.
I remember my sister and I making little clay cups and plates and feeding farm animals and running barefeet all summer long...
My debut novel, Fezariu’s Epiphany, is set during the Fourteenth Shard, or age of history, in Elenchera and reveals a time when colonialism is prospering and the world’s most famous hired hands – the Merelax Mercenaries – are somewhat in decline. That’s merely the backdrop to the story of Fezariu whose early childhood includes the abandonment of his mother and the murder of his stepfather, all significant moments that shape him in later life. The reader learns of Elencheran history in the novel but it is merely to set them in the moment, not to offer them a seemingly endless history lesson.
At this moment of time there was hardly anyone left who believed in the official version legitimating the foreign intervention. UN-resolution 1973 from the 17th of March 2011 empowered a coalition of willing states around NATO to intervene militarily in a regional uprising to build a shelter over the civic population, to protect civilians. The opposite was the case. In these eight months NATO flew 9600 sorties causing an innumerable figure of deaths, both soldiers and civilians. Regional uprising thereby accelerated towards a civil war. The aim of the NATO-intervention did not even respect the text of UN-resolutions 1973 and 1970.
I would give myself to you
Press garlic with a garlic press and mix in a pinch of salt, mix together well with the back of a spoon. Combine the garlic and salt with the coconut milk, curry paste and brown sugar in a small bowl. Stir in the lemon juice and dried cilantro, then whisk in the oil. Let stand while you prepare the rest of the salad. Adjust to taste before pouring on salad.
Vietnam had become, as Michael Arlen puts it in a wall panel, "The central fact of American life, the force that was changing shape beneath everything else in that period. "
Apparently I've been unaware of my current polka dot obsession. Almost all of the things that I've bought in the past month or two have polka dots on them, and I didn't even realize this until my most recent purchase of a polka dot dress from Forever 21 on Thursday. Polka dots seem to be pretty popular right now considering that they're popping up in stores everywhere. They're cute and girly, and celebrities are also loving the trend!
Of course, I do not claim that we are never deceived-just that we can penetrate such deceptions. Given this fact, we can trust our senses as long as we are suitably cautious. To use an analogy: trusting the senses is like relying on a safety rope while climbing. They do fail occasionally, but as long as we are suitably careful we can be reasonably safe. To doubt our senses because they occasionally fail us would be like refusing to use safety ropes while climbing because they sometimes fail. Thus, Descartes’ argument does not justify the degree of skepticism alleged.
Stability of EarthNow
I thought of that today, reading a piece in the Guardian by Paris Lees. I thought a little of that last week, when asked to explain why trans folk should be treated on the NHS. The answer comes in two parts.
I drink wine and I give blow jobs. Would you like one? I wouldn´t mind and you wouldn´t have to feel bad, I´m not a damaged person. In fact, I´m surrealistically undamaged, I grew up as one of the children in ”The Children of Noisy Village”. So when I say I´m game, I´m game, no strings attached. Liberating, huh?
My first thought two man had been sitting quietly and read their Bible, and been arrested by some nasty police officers. But guess what.
The study found that depressed women that supplemented with 2.5 grams of Omega-3 fats daily experienced significant reductions in their symptoms. In an important finding, the scientists conducting the study found that the long chain fat was responsible for dramatic improvements in future outlook, self-esteem and quality of life. Researchers commented “This [quality of life] observation has never been achieved before and it appears of great value from the clinical point of view, due to the importance of these aspects in the elderly population.”
In May 2007, the renowned investigative reporter Seymour Hersh told Democracy Now!:
blue agava and cacao perfume
and i was not about to pass up an opportunity to photograph them.
- No, he said, and in that syllable managed to pack a certitude of bloody finality at which I had not previously guessed.
Chris Petrella (REP) 1.94% 36
Grandiose and Frisuer live about three and a half hours away so the trip would be long and tedious without any hiccups. Well, this wouldn’t be much of a story to tell if there wasn’t a hiccup to talk about now would it? Well in the process of traveling up the major highway, that they travel, into town splits off into a business route for trucks and such to bypass driving through town and the normal route for motorists. Well taking the business route puts you outside of town and eventually leads North into Michigan. My cousin had called me once before when they were a couple miles out of town to get more detailed directions. Well, me not thinking about the highway splitting off into two routes, I forgot to remind them to not take the business route, as that would put them in the wrong direction. A few minutes later I received a phone call stating that they had ended up in Michigan. This is the exact moment when I realized what I had forgot to mention about the highway splitting out into two different routes. So, in light of the news, it really wasn’t a huge deal as getting back into town and headed in the right direction was pretty simple. At this point in time I can just imagine how tired Grandiose was as he had been up for a solid 14 hours plus working at this point.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Review (by kris)(spoilers): I was lucky enough to find this manga in the beginning stages of its creation and before it became popular, and so was spared all the spoilers going around today. Death Note is really one of a kind. I love how it’s a story that uses battle of the minds instead of battle of the fists.
Yeah, it’s really tripped out. It was really strange. I remember that and I don’t know if it’s because you’re sick and your mind isn’t well--something is happening and going on in there. Whenever we’re writing music, I had that same kind of indescribable hue that hazed over. And it’s not always there, but it’s on and off.
As a follow-up to these actions, begin to ugly-cry (again LOUDLY) and tell every living soul who passes your ugly-crying-face that you dropped your phone in the toilet and now it is dead, and repeat "WHAT AM I GOING TO DO, OMG, MY LIFE IS OVER!" ad nauseum.**
Loosestrife was once widely used as a medicinal herb, but it has become less popular in modern times. The different species have various medicinal uses.
This group of immortals became the 13th Tribe, and they’ve been trying to earn their way into heaven ever since-by killing sinners. Though their logic is twisted, their brilliance is undeniable. Their wrath is unstoppable. And the technology they possess is beyond anything mere humans have ever seen.
With the goals in mind for cycling within a liveable city-community, then a strategy for bike station location can be developed to support the city’s goals with an appropriate focus on drivers, on newbie commuter cyclists, and on dedicated commuter cyclists.
Parents are particularly vulnerable to this cluster of anxieties. Ideas of nurturing go hand in hand with protecting children from danger. But if some protection is good, more is not necessarily better. Before long it becomes stifling and stultifying. It prevents children from learning to assess danger for themselves, and from thinking how to avoid it. Driving children to school rather then letting them walk, ride bicycles or catch the bus not only wastes energy, it encourages laziness and the lifestyle diseases that afflict growing numbers of the young.
Currently the top news result for BBC is Obama’s apology for NATO forces burning the Koran. When I first read the news yesterday or the day before, I thought “Wow. That was stupid. How could they be so disrespectful?” But then I thought about all the images I’ve seen from around the world of people burning the American flag. And then I thought about how many people around the world may burn bibles and torahs. And now I think about all the other book burnings and iconic imagery that’s been destroyed around the world. So why is this such a big fucking deal? What is so much more holier and special about Islam?
Resultant Luck: This is luck relating to the results of our actions. Poisoning cases A and B give us some idea of what is involved here. In both cases, Mike acted in the exact same way, but the results of his actions were different. In one instance, they led to the death of Marge, and in the other they did not.
I felt about the giraffe about the same way I felt about the nice boy -- he was maybe not what I expected to have, but he sweet and cute and oh, would you just look at him!?
While stumbling
Is it too early to plant the ‘early’ tomatoes outside? They are flowering, after all…..
UPDATE 2 Wacom has updated the app to v 1.3. Now, you can add put to 20 notebooks…but for a price. You must pay for an in app purchase to get the Notebook Pack. The in app purchase price is currently $1.99 US.
As you may know, I started doing Jillian Michael’s 30-day shred. Well, as I suspected, it only lasted a week. I get bored so easily and this is no exception. This workout, while a good one, became boring after day 2. I was so tired of hearing the same speech she gives. I found out there’s an option on the DVD where you can just play the music instead of the speaking. AWESOME! Until I realized I didn’t know when to change positions or how many reps I was doing because I couldn’t hear her guidance. FAIL. Then I decided I would do it every other day or interspersed with my running. But I found other things to do and quickly gave up.
Nate Ryerson
been taken out of the bathtub
I will stay the story was very compelling and kept me wanting to continue on, but the biggest downside is the fact that it’s a prequel. Being 3 games in at this point, we know what happens to some of these characters, especially General RAAM. Being such, fighting him at the end, while extremely fun, kind of took the surprise out of it because we know he can’t die in this. The same theory doesn’t apply to the other new characters here so there still manage to be some surprise and wonder at what (if anything) will happen to them. Don’t expect any major story revelations either as you’ll be disappointed. This DLC is pretty much a self contained story and won’t affect the exploits of Delta Squad in any way.
You see, my old friend, I did receive all the emails you sent me and I’m sorry that I ignored you for so long. But I now I’m back and ready to tell you the truth. So, no, I’ve never shaved my armpits except for a brief period in 1973 during the Yom Kippur War when it was all the rage. Yes, we do intend to attend the London Olympics but only in a sporting capacity. I hope to qualify for the marathon now that my giant transparent jelly costume has arrived. As you know, Judy will be dressed as a custard.
Is Project Pay Day A Scam
So many people have the flu! Yet they continue to go to school (although some stay home from school but still come to English lessons!) and work and get everyone else sick. I don’t know why it’s so prevelant since most people say they have gotten vaccinated. A couple of the elementary schools have canceled classes for certain grades for the week to try to stop the spread. I’m trying to be careful and I did get vaccinated before I came here so we’ll see…
Station officials have promised to diversify their staff and add more minority hosts at the station where conservative hosts often rail against taxes and illegal immigration.
It would be great if this could be the beginning of something new, no matter how small. Children’s fiction, more than anything else, should be the wellspring of new ideas and fresh views of the world. Kids, more than anyone, take diversity in their stride. They can handle heroes from different backgrounds. We just need to get some in front of them.
After hitting the iceberg the Titanic broke up. The court ruling means that the environmental impact of the Ratner’s proposed mega-monopoly must be freshly considered (as it was never actually properly considered at all) and that means that one of the prospective effects of such consideration is that what was once considered as one huge mega-project solely owned by Ratner may now be broken up into multiple parcels to be developed by multiple smaller (better) developers as, for instance, is envisioned in the community’s UNITY Plan. It’s the better way to go.
From her platinum blonde locks and her red lipstick to her form fitting dresses, no one can argue that Marilyn was an icon in the truest sense and ranks as one of the most influential women in history (style wise). In a case of imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, UK's Telegraph did a piece recently on celebrities who have taken a page from her style book and channeled their own inner (and in this case outer) Marilyn....
1. What genre are you playing?
The pregnant woman’s diet and stress level, in particular, provide important clues to prevailing conditions, a finger lifted to the wind. The resulting tuning and tweaking of the fetus’s brain and other organs are part of what give humans their enormous flexibility, their ability to thrive in environments as varied as the snow-swept tundra in Siberia and the golden-grassed savanna in Africa.
But I didn't leave them to fend for themselves. I left them with their father. THEIR FATHER. I think that was my mistake.
Writing a proposal is a lengthy but necessary procedure if you want to increase your chances for success.
Ziggy
Invisible “pain rays,” lasers that blind, tasers “on steroids,” so-called “calmative agents,” deafening microwaves, ear-splitting Long Range Acoustic Devices, and other torture technologies are either now being deployed by police or are being tested.
Angry Wind ~ by Jeffrey Tayler (Chad, Niger, Nigeria, Mali)
Seriously, who wants to go to bed with nasal obstructions? Not me. I don’t know when or why this became part of my night time ritual, but just as I can’t go in to the cinema without going to the loo first, I have to clear my airways before getting in to bed. Please can someone tell me that they do this as well? Anyone? No?…
world's most dangerous country for journalists in the first quarter of
This is even more true today, because the world is experiencing the worst capitalist economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Oil has become the lifeblood of modern day imperialism, and it is precisely for this reason that the Middle East and the ex-Soviet republics in central Asia are such critical areas of the world to imperialism. At the same time, the oi lcompanies and other powerful multinational corporations, which are at the heart of the U.S. capitalist economy, depend for their very existence on the continuation of highly dangerous processes and unchecked pollution. The oil and petrochemical industries are one of the main sources of the greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change and global warming.
I didn't intend to blog about lunch, just enjoy it. Didn't even have my camera. But when we got there the light was perfect, so why not snap a few plates with my iPhone? The results were a surprise, nice enough to share (I hope you'll agree). This is not the whole menu, just a few dishes that looked best in the new year's Provencal light.
Frack water boom. Environmentalleader posts on the nine-fold growth (to $9b) expected for the hydraulic fracturing water treatment market by 2020.
On paper – I’ve never felt so alive, hydrated and healthy. In practice – I’ve never peed so much. I can’t commit to a one hour meeting, out of fear of pissing myself. The commute home becomes a race to not pee all over my car.
My grandmother, who stayed at my cousin Linda's house (she lives two or three houses over from my great-grandmother's house) arrived in Gaspe this day, the Thursday, and after spending some time at Linda's, saw our car here and headed over to say hello. It was a very grey day though, it was raining off and on (making picture taking risky), and I was suffering from truly horrible allergies, so we didn't stay very long.
So here’s what’s new: I got promoted! Yay! And then I got demoted…Yeah, I know. I was like, “Seriously?”. But forget that part, because I’m done bitching about a job that doesn’t stimulate me anyway. But here comes the good stuff: The man and I just celebrated our four year anniversary! Last year this time, I was blogging from Amsterdam. This year, it was less extravagant, but very cute. He whisked me away to a little beach town over the weekend, plus, he kept it a secret. That, in itself, is a freaking miracle. He cannot keep a secret. So it was incredibly sweet, and very romantic.
Mary: I loved Bugs Bunny for all those reasons! He never lost his cool. What were you like as a teen?
Anybody notice any discrepencies on their viewer numbers for your blog as well? I’ve noticed that on certain days I get told that an account (of which is nothing but one advertisment post) keeps looking at my blog nearly 40 times. Does this happen with everybody, or is this some sort of spam problem that I can actually get rid of by reporting it?
Not quite sure what form their IM / texting / social networking equivalents should be. But something. a way to keep the group mind rocking. And when Tania has popularity problems on board the ship then she ought to be able to tell not just based on her paranoia (although eventually, leaving her with no more tools that that might be a good idea) but based on trends kept somewhere in the ship’s boards. On its network. Just because they’re isolated from Earth and the larger population doesn’t mean they have to be isolated from each other. Except at dramatically significant times.
Prime Minister Putin recently unvielded the new Russian direction of exploration, in some ways it is both more ambitious and more modest than earlier.
Evening everyone. Finally at home relaxing. Dinner is done, and it's time to sit with a coffe, I think a little shot is Baileys in it is in order. Cleaning job this morning before I headed off to the real job. It's starting to get a little hectic at the grocery store these days. With everyone stocking up for the holidays. I can't believe we only have a week left. Haven't even gotten my baking done. The goal for tomorrow is to make our ginger cookies. The kids like to help cut out the different shapes.
1 permit
4. She has taught herself how to tech ed patterns. (check they make sense I believe!)
Our friends wanted to get together this year for a lot of things, it was so hard to get everyone together on the same night at the same time so we decided to have one combined party for all the things we wanted to get together for. Thus our New Thanksmas Eve party. We went over to April’s parents house and had dinner. We were all in charge of something. Alex played in a tennis tournament and won a turkey so they supplied the beautiful bird. We were also having a contest on the WORST best Christmas outfit. Congratulations Dallas. It was pretty hilarious. After dinner we had awkward family Christmas photos in front of the tree:
When we arrived home Only Daughter was at the computer attempting to check in on line and select her preferred seat,in preparation for her much awaited trip overseas.
06.Epic
"Hello - How are you!
Kristin Dunst and Charlotte Gainsbourg star as two sisters, the former gets married in the first part, and they are coming to terms with the end of the world descending upon them. A new planet is being seen, Melancholia (hence the name), and it looks as if it is going to eclipse planet Earth. There’s not really anything else to say, which was one of my main problem’s with this film.
3. Hayley Atwell (2007) – After seeing her performance as Mary, I began to suspect that any actress worth her salt can do wonders with the role. This actress was one of the bright spots in the 2007 lowly regarded version of Austen’s novel. Mind you, her portrayal was a little darker than the other two, but I still enjoyed her portrayal.
*slight exaggeration.
Sunday’s weather was a washout (much like today), but I managed to get to the plot beforehand to check everything over. The broad beans are looking alright-ish, although at least 3 plants have fully died back. Not to worry, there’s a glimmer of new growth at the base and let’s not forget my back up plan – new seeds lurking beneath the soil to take over if need be.
I was entirely pleased with Snape. I loved his memories and the editing that was done in that scene. His death was one of the most frightening in the series because you don’t see it happening. You see the shadow and see the snake strike and the noise makes it almost unbearable to watch but it is perfectly done. Snape is one of my favorite characters and I feel he was done justice in this film but I was impressed at the ending as well. The battle was done well and I am not the biggest fan of action only sequences.
The training syllabus for this three months program is available on the website over here and it appears to have been meticulously drafted. As per this syllabus, the training will be spread over 6 modules, which are as follows:
“So, you liked his arms, huh? I’m sure he’s on the juice.” I said while throwing in an accusing look for good measure.
So, now you know what makes us all psychic and what makes our kids better at it. Let’s talk about how you can support your children on this Blissful path, and what your role might be.
Our Secret Wish For Life
Even though computer Xmas Announcements will be the most typical trip stationery choice, there are several some other getaways occasions you could tend to enjoy. Many of the some other considerable kinds incorporate Halloween party, Mardi Gras, Christmas, Brand-new Many years, plus much more, that pay for the possibility to enjoy all year round. Trip Wedding invitations can be found online to fit any type of trip celebration you want to organize. You may even customize these with your own request terminology and wording photos to possess tailor made letter head that you will adore.
-1/4 cup chopped or sliced or slivered almonds
So near the water
Copics used -
announced that it intends to explore opportunities to sell a number of its consumer print and digital publishing assets in its Professional/Trade business as they no longer align with the company's long-term business strategy. Fiscal Year 2011 revenue associated with the assets to be sold was approximately $85 million with a direct contribution to profit, before shared-service expenses, of approximately $6 million. Assets include travel (including the well-known Frommer's New World, and CliffsNotes. Wiley will re-deploy resources in its Professional/Trade business to build on its global
I love the cute design and the colors the designer use and on top of the two, the prices are very reasonable at Magnolia. It’s the best! Needless to say, I enjoyed shopping at Magnolia. There is one Magnolia store at Senayan City Shopping Mall, a fancy shopping mall in Jakarta. I found out that there is another one in Pondok Indah Mall 2 as well.
I believe that this state that many animators find themselves in is because of one idea:
Set up bird feeders. Birds also appreciate a source of unfrozen drinking water during the winter. Use one of the many styles of birdbath heaters or heated birdbaths available at garden centers. When feeding the birds, set up a variety of feeder types to get the best assortment of birds to come to your yard. Tube feeders are good for songbirds, platform feeders are good for cardinals and larger birds, and suet is a great source of fat and energy for woodpeckers and all bird types.
I have a card that's a bit overdue, but I'm just getting all the pictures loaded off the camera..so overdue or not, here it is.
He had faith in government, that it could – would, might — through virtue, win loyalty & achieve peace. But what if it doesn’t govern virtuously? Then he scorned it. But he scorned business even more: “The Master said, a superior man has a complete understanding of righteousness; the small man has a complete understanding of profit.”
HAPPY WEEKEND!!!
Cost: Free as always, donations* appreciated!
To my family here, I'll miss being able to walk down the hall to see you.
the star, the dogs, the road, the shadow
For those of you familiar with software development, we were in the final stage of a major release. For those not familiar, software development tends to be cyclical, and at the end of a release cycle, things get insanely busy. That's when everything has to be tested completely, all bugs fixed and retested, all the help completed, all the code finalized and packaged and ready to be deployed. It's hectic. Some releases more than others. This one was a crazy one.
Hear is more about it...
Don’t wait to long and shatter to scattered pieces before you will trust Him.
Another in a series of analyses on my art. This one is that requisite artist’s show of silent narcissism…the self-portrait.
began understanding a little.
1 homogenous
“Can we begin the auction now?”His father asks the people there. “The one who buy with highest price will get my son.”
I’d make you feel alive
HCAD Appraised @ $142,085.00
Shad took Chandler to his first Father & Sons camping trip in May. Shad's rule is that he will take the boys when they are potty trained. I guess he doesn't want diaper duty while he is with "the guys". Chandler had a blast. It was a little cold, but I think they had a good time.
The Brighter Futures chief executive officer, Gill Brown, has not formally replied to new ham Council's offer.
I suspect this dynamic of capitulation, though, is not unique to Dick. I suspect it holds of Jung, too, though we cannot see it so clearly. It seems the capitulation that is quite natural to certain forms of modern society. Before addressing that, though, I want to take another detour.
1) Giggling hysterically as me and four little girls made two videos at Jib Jab.com: one with V. as a rappin' Dracula and me as a very green Frankenstein; the other with me and the little girls as, uh, Chippendales dancers. (Is that wrong?)
This is the recipe that I had tried from Show me the curry.com ..Its totally awesome and lovely recipe , and the filling is so nice that you can use it even as a sandwich filling , But I do strongly recommend you to try this and serve with love to ur family, My hubby ..totally loved it...I only change what i did was i added 1/4 cup grated carrot , u can omit this if u want and just stick to the original recipe :)
It was a different Ale Stars session last night as 65 gathered downstairs at The Local Taphouse in St Kilda like the bear that went over the mountain - to see what they could see.
- Categories: Senior Thesis/Honors Thesis, Senior Non-Thesis, and Non-Senior
Memories of the stupid things you've said do sometimes attack you in bed late at night, especially when you're listening to your neighbor's nine-year-old grandkid warbling, "It's a quarter after one/ I'm a little drunk/ And I need you now! into a karaoke machine.
Then add the fat. I take a box grater and grate in about 1/4 of a block of lard, so approximately 70g. Yes, lard. At home I'd use Crisco, which is some kind of industrial artery clogger of dubious provenance and probably banned by the EU. If you're vegetarian a hard marge will do, but veggie suet is probably better. Butter sounds like a good idea but for some reason biscuits made with butter never taste right to me. And they don't rise enough.
‘I’ve told you not to go up there by yourself,’ said his dad. ‘There’s a pipe at the bottom of the Resi. It pumps water down to the BP. There’s an undertow. I thought you knew.’
Its been hard times at Bissoux HQ for a while now and this time yesterday I was pitifully sad and sobbing onto my emergency BFF iphone chat, but LOOK AT ME NOW! photobooth ! GIFs ! blog posts that aren't 20 days late !
Ex-plane to the people how a company that was only 1 month old had the opportunity to tender for and get a $.9m contract Mr Gibbs.
Is it reality TV?
Check your insights page. You can change the order of the topics. Date and post are self-explanatory. The other topics are less obvious. Reach is FB's version of uniques - how many unique visitors engaged with your post. You can click on that and see the different kinds of reach - organic is people who saw in news feed, or clicked directly to it, was it paid from an ad or sponsored post, or was it viral. FB uses weird vocabulary, it means that a friend of a friend did something - they saw through that friend's actions. Engaged users are the ones who clicked on your content. Clicked link is when someone clicked on part of it to see what's going on - comments or likes – to see who did it. Stories generated is when people did something - answered your polls or commented, etc.
Kathryn gets an advance copy of Sarah Lazar’s first chapter of her competing book about the switch. She’s horrified to find mention of a long-ago miscarriage in there. She rails at John for sharing private details of their lives with Sarah and we find out the John and Sarah have a past history of talks, which he claimed were about baseball. Kathryn clearly believes that there was more than intimate conversation going on (she mentions a press photo) and John has clearly been denying this for a long time. There’s friction between the two, as he challenges her to trust him. I’m still wondering if there’s more to the story.
Attending the PGA show with Mac & Brendan. Brendan is coming down from Isle of Palms, SC.
If I'm not exactly transposed to another dimension of space I am definitely transposed to another time sitting there with my father in some steam bath cafeteria in the 1920s licking that plate of herring clean while my great uncle falls and nearly cracks his skull.
Serve with a little sour cream, an array of chilli sauces to allow people to heat it up to the level they like (this one is fairly mild, as my 5 year old son loves it) and whatever other stuff you like with chili. I'll also put out a small bowl of dark chocolate pieces, for people to throw into their bowl, but be careful, a little goes a long way. And of course, serve with the beer you made it with.
I'm running a bit late as usual, been busy in the craft room all day and haven't had chance to do any blogging... Here's my card for The Stamp Basket blog, using a gorgeous Bildmalarna stamp - I think she's so pretty :o)
I think it's a perfectly valid argument for a craft beer fan to say, "Yeah, but we don't want them to grow! We want them to stay small and crafty." It's your opinion - beers are built by fans and fans have a say, and God knows, I'm all for supporting small companies because they are not multinationals. But remember, when a big company buys a small company in this way, the small company also wants to sell. If the people who built this thing from scratch, who devoted 20 years of their lives to it, decide this is the next step in the evolution of the business, you have to respect that.
Alice was okay as a lead character, but I did find her a little dull to read about after a while. Yes, she's got a good heart and wants the best for everyone, but that didn't mean she was fun to read about unfortunately. I was a little bit fooled by the blurb as well as it makes out that Kate is the other main character in the book, but I found her not to be, and was just a minor character really. In fact, the other main character was Audrey, Alice's boss at the dating agency. In some ways, I actually preferred her story over Alice's because it was really interesting, and although it too was a bit slow-burning I wanted to see how it would pan out, and I ended up feeling a bit sorry for her, she was just a naive old lady really. Kate's story, however, was made up of a few dates, and then what happened after those dates and that was it. She wasn't particularly fun, or good to read about, and I found myself wanting to skip over her parts a little bit, especially as her dates progressed a bit more. I couldn't stand her best friend either, and don't see what she added to the book at all.
I am so grateful to hear this good news. Damocles' sword still hangs overhead, but the thread holding it just became a strong cord.
Wishing you all a successful collaborative year....
'Cause if you're bad, I'm warning you,
My perfect office would of course be lined with floor to ceiling bookshelves. My new office isn’t. But I’ll live with the moveable kid-height shelves until I know exactly where I want to build bigger ones.
This was indeed a challenge in many ways. I planned and wrote many of my posts well in advance of April and I would recommend this approach to anyone thinking of signing up next year. The last week and a bit was the hardest for me. I began the week not having written any of the posts, largely because I struggled to come up with topics for "w", "x", "y" amd "z", and on the whole, I would say they were my weakest posts. I'm also finding that the challenge has used up my store of ideas for posts and now I am scrambling around for something to write. So, what can I do now?
In any case, the point is: I'm having a paperback contest. Those of you interested in receiving a signed copy of the paperback should leave, in the comment box, your definition of what dance is. Two winners will be selected from among the participants, and the two winning definitions will be featured on my blog.
Looking forward to tipping my hat to you all today. LuLu
FrontPage Magazine: You make the shrewd observation of how political correctness engenders evil because of “the violence that it does to people’s souls by forcing them to say or imply what they do not believe, but must not question.” Can you talk about this a bit?
Row 22- in Both Loops(sc in 7, sc dec) around (48)
US Price: $37.50
Another game we played in the junior class was designed to get them started reacting to the literature in a thoughtful way. We sat in a circle and passed a ball around. When each child held the ball, it was his or her turn to speak. The first round we had to say the name of any character from the book. The second round we had to say the name of a character and then whether they were a hero or a villain. The final round we had to say our favorite character and why. It was fascinating to me to see these children, as young as five, really thinking about their choice. Several of them chose Milady DeWinter as their favorite, and when asked why, Elsa for example said, "Because she's powerful and knows how to get things done." I thought that was pretty insightful. Those who chose D'Artagnan as a favorite seemed a little horrified that anyone would pick the scar-faced man, for example. But I could tell from the discussion that they are all reading and all absorbing the material -- excellent.
Here’s some details about him
Deanna L. Galante, 32, New York, N.Y.
EVERYTHING IS REACHING A HEAD NOW
If you would like to see what others around the globe are shooting of their towns, I encourage you to go HERE.
I bought fancier jars than the ones in the article a. as a nice gift but also b. so that the jars can be stacked side on with the lids showing on a shelf. The blackboard paint in a tin was about a quarter of the price of the spray, but it has left some slight streaking, so spray might be a better bet! I've bought a chalk pen to write on them so that it's nice and neat and I'll give it with the jars.
Holly: "I'm pretty sure that was me."
This was the most common regret of all. When people realise that their life is almost over and look back clearly on it, it is easy to see how many dreams have gone unfulfilled. Most people had not honoured even a half of their dreams and had to die knowing that it was due to choices they had made, or not made.
Out of nowhere, strange noises appeared! We looked up.
On one of our walks, Sami discovered a Turtle. Richard suggested that we have a section on the blog which focuses on "Sami's Adventures". I think he could be having plenty here.
The Commission on Audit reported that billions of pesos allotted for the government’s swine program were missing. Babuyan na ‘to!
Octopoda
Suddenly, a "totally normal looking" black teenager hit the man's friend on the head three times, and then ran off. The man followed, but soon gave up. As he returned to the restaurant, he heard other African American teens taunt him, saying, "What's the matter, white boy, you scared?" and "All the white people are scared" as they laughed”. Yet as usual there is a conspiracy to lie, to present the obvious as something else, rather than an attack with racial overtones such incidents are merely mindless violence or as stated in this case, merely random, yet it is exactly the reinforcement of such behaviours that will or could lead to more savage attacks upon whites and the vulnerable as we are seeing in South Africa.
So, in focusing on making layouts for the Sketchbook 4 class, I took a little break from the Scrapbook Stamper's Workshop lessons. Truthfully, I was a little stuck on one lesson, because I just didn't have the stamps to make it work. I decided to skip it and to move onto the next challenge, which was to stamp & die cut & stitch a border of stars on your layout. I put my own spin on this challenge and came up with this layout:
In ancient Greece, democracy was more than just voting – it was a quasi-religious experience. People participated in the affairs of the community because community represented the holy and the good.
It took me over 1,000 entries (probably close to 2,000) for me to feel that I am getting the hang of what is good and what my “style” is. So I say before you have published at least 100 entries don’t make snap judgement too quickly. You are still learning. And I still consider myself learning by doing.
After the meeting we had an event to attend, so we quick ran out the door at 8pm for dinner and a good cause. Noodles and Company was sponsoring the National Kidney Foundation. For every bowl sold, a portion of the bill was going towards the foundation.
Of course I would love to expand on what I like
It's bad for everyone except Bolo.
2000s: Suzanne Collins’s The Hunger Games: I’m cheating and moving beyond the 20th century, but there’s nothing else from this decade that would work as well as this. It has the benefit of being YA and action-driven, which makes it a fast read for the end of a term.
Juliette Binoche, Code Unknown
In short there is no tension between the 'Will of God' on the one hand, and the Law on the other, for the law is also of God. Rather, the law is foundational.
Elba: “ It varies. If I’m in the club I’ve had females come up to me and rub their hands near my neck and say if I smelt their fingers I could smell what they taste like. I’ve had women straight up grab my nuts. It varies.
you once fought for
***Mike and I took Matt to see the Hunger Games this weekend. Freaking. Awesome. If you haven't gone. Go. If you haven't read the book. Read. Nough said!
Pack 2: Mike Wallace, Ryan Grant, Montario Hardesty RC, Matt Forte
Status and Submission Common. Breeding: riparian woodlands, thorn do, columnar exotic leave. Migration: in early spring, occurs in Tx extremely by mid- to overdue Goal, more generally beginning to mid-April; occurs in Free airline overdue April–early May. In slip, generally leaves May, unusual after mid-September. Winter: mexico to Honduras. Vagrant: recreational, mainly fall-winter, to seaside Califorinia (magister) and to seaside Tx, La, and California (cooperi, but 1 La rec. of magister).
Tabloid A smaller paper like the New York Post; tabs are usually more downmarket in tone and content than broadhseets
3 to 4 pers.
Enjoy The Journey!
There are a few movies and television shows that I was exposed to growing up that have had a large impact on my later interests in life. There was a particular period, when I lived on Travis AFB in northern California, between the ages of 4 and 6 in 1971-73, when I was first exposed to some out-of-the-ordinary themes that have remained of intense interest to me.
Since I started working in my current job, however, I’ve started to understand the ins-and-outs of expressing thanks. Nonprofit organizations are heavily dependent on the goodwill and generosity of others, and I’m reminded every day how lucky we are to be located in a community like Rome. My passion for expressing thanks these days stems from that acknowledgment. Gratitude is something that every organization should embrace. We should thank people for their engagement and involvement far more often than we ask them for assistance.
Dots of coconut cream, olive oil and Vietnamese dressing are visually striking but I find their flavours are lost in the dish.
The star of the table, though, was the seared pork and sweet potatoes in pasilla-honey sauce. It was worth every little thing I had to do to get in on the table:
Pitching matchups:
4) Victory Of The Daleks
The artwork in Ragnarok is phenomenal! It is hands down some of the best artwork I have seen in terms of manhwa/manga format! Every page is so full of detail and textures that it really makes you wonder why more people can’t flesh out their artwork this well. If I were to be honest, I would have to say that the art in Ragnarok is better than some of the artwork I have seen that were made specifically to be published in an art book compilation.
I have really grown to love cornbread lately, but making these muffins made me realize something; I think I like my cornbread savory, rather than sweet. These were scrumptious, don't get me wrong. But I had to think of them like a sweet muffin in order to fully embrace them. When I thought of them as a corn muffin, I found myself wishing I had cut down the sweetness in the recipe. If I make these again, I think I will still add the honey, but omit the brown sugar. I just don't think they need both.
I should probably precis this by saying that I am very good at auditioning and whether I get the job or not, I nearly always leave a casting feeling as if I did my very best.
Map and Address of SCR (Singapore Chicken Rice) Restaurant in Labuan, FT
Very few are connecting the rise in suicide rates to the rise in psychiatric drugs, especially among our military. If you haven’t heard, 18 U.S. veterans commit suicide each and everyday and this is based on a 6-year-old study. The Army had even reported that the number of deaths as a result of suicide in a 6-month time frame of 2006 is equivalent to all the troops killed in combat in Afghanistan. Now the number is increasing exponentially with troops being prescribed a cocktail of medication for every diagnosis; it surely doesn’t help when you are serving in your 7th or 8th tour. And we wonder why would a highly decorated solider committed suicide or slaughtered an entire village.
ANTHRAX will be fronted by singer Joey Belladonna.
I insisted that he lead me back to the bedroom before taking the blindfold off. I wanted to preserve the mystery and the fantasy for as long as possible.
Every single one of the boxes had some sort of dire warning prominently displayed. It was a real reminder of some of the terrible consequences of smoking. Still, I saw several people pick up a box or two and head toward the check out line. That’s how you know tobacco is incredibly addicting. I have compassion for people who started smoking and think they can’t quit. Like any habit it’s got to be monumentally difficult to stop. Good habits can be hard to form…like exercising regularly and bad habits can be hard to break…like smoking.
So much for NASA’s primary mission of space exploration says former NASA administrator Micheal Griffin who calls the change in priorities “deeply flawed“.
We connect with the human race in this time of harmonization to guide and support. We ask for you to reach out to us in your dreamtime and communicate with us for we are YOU and YOU are we.
According to local reports, San Vicente is virtually cut off by landslides and collapsed bridges, with the worst hit areas being Cuscatlan, La Libertad and La Paz.
Yesterday’s result sets the stage for a race between two pro-war, pro-austerity candidates preparing deep attacks on the working class and for explosive class struggles in the coming presidential term. Hollande is committed to slashing over €115 billion ($US152 billion) in budget deficits and has supported French imperialism’s wars in Libya and Syria.
-Yes, you can trust me. Now, tell me what happened -I said seriously to the girl.
On entering the winery I was again struck by how tiny it was, just an arched alcove built into the face of the cliff – which is visible through the window on the back wall – and also how well equipped it was. The tanks were small, but they were serious pieces of equipment and boded well for the wines.
Prediction: Well, they’re going to meet this man with her and I’m sure a case will present itself. And perhaps Watson will get his love interest?
And as you can see below, through some miracle of alien technology, they already have a burgeoning garden of organic kale going (a delicacy among their kind), despite the fact that this occupation began a mere 10 days ago on Halloween night…
My high school class has a core bunch of folks that have ALWAYS been tight. We keep in touch over the years. I have to admit I love that bunch and its nice to feel that comfort of seeing old friends. There are some that…over the years have just…..disappeared. We spent 4 years together and for whatever reason they haven’t kept in contact with ANYONE. ….No one……just…....gone. Friendship? FAIL.
Agbla F, Ergin A, Boris NW. Occupational working conditionss as risk factors for preterm birth in Benin, West Africa. Rev Epidemiol Sante Publique 2006; 54: 157-165.
…parts of an innovative seating system that ran along the seafront here, moulding itself to the environment without a break in its continuity, a really clever and amusing design, showing how art carry marry functionality to produce something that is both useful and aesthetically pleasing.
Clear Stamp : Prima Marketing
This resulted in very tender chicken that shredded easily. The next time I make it, I will do exactly that: Prepare the chicken, cook it in the slow cooker and when done, remove the chicken, let it cool slightly, discard the bones and lemon, shred the chicken and serve it on buns for delicious
4. We're having carrots for dinner...would you prefer yours raw or cooked?
How Can Your Business Benefit?
If you'd like, you're welcome to try guessing who took what shots, who suggested which themes, and/or which theme each group of three pictures represents! Good luck with that if you try! : j
The rally poses a dilemma for Najib, who since last year’s crackdown has sought to portray himself as a reformer, launching a campaign to repeal authoritarian laws in a bid to create what he called “the greatest democracy”.
Plumbing: Rs 5,000-15,000
Instead he gives me a valuation which seems faintly ridiculous and I release my hold on the corner. I had been wavering over selling but this helps with the decision. Let someone younger than us enjoy the house and its charms. I’m sure they will come to love the damp patches, peeling wallpaper, cracking paint and dirty carpets as much as we do. More likely they will rip out our life and insert a shiny new one of their own.
Acting manager for Public Safety Kenneth Chetty said he is not aware of the problem.
7. Once upon a time, there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person.
Certainly it’s possible to have a significant impact on the collective conversation of our time without exposing yourself to the thaumaturgic media. Though most mass media in every age are designed to force the recipient into a passive relationship to the incoming stream of information, disinformation, and thaumaturgy, there are always a few options that give the individual a voice or allow a conversation to take place, or both. The blogosphere is the current example of the species; a lively world of noncommercial monthly and weekly journals did the same thing through most of the twentieth century, and will no doubt do the same thing again through the second half or so of the twenty-first. There are other modes of shaping collective consciousness as well, of course, with the influence of personal example standing out in many ways as the most potent of the lot.
The following is in relation to access of existing workers to social welfare.
Cases range from mild to severe, with the latter presenting as an infant with male internal reproductive organs but female external genitalia that undergo virilization at puberty. Persons with complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (cAIS) have female external genitalia, develop in all outward appearances as female, but lack the female upper reproductive tract, may have undescended testes or ovotestes, and have the XY male chromosomal makeup.
The trip wasn’t so bad until the blowing snow prevented us from seeing anything in front of the car. Rick cautiously proceeded, concentrating on the few visible markings he could discern. However, I felt totally helpless in the passenger seat. It was a backseat driver’s nightmare! I braced my arms out in front of me, hanging on the dashboard (as if that would keep the windshield from smashing in on me) and forcefully hit the “brake” with my right foot repeatedly. I even tried inhaling loudly, very loudly! Nothing seemed to work. All my efforts to “help” were in vain. In fact, it is a wonder Rick could concentrate at all with all my arms and legs flailing and my moaning and groaning. I just had to trust that he would get us to our destination safely. And he did, safe and sound. After a trip that seemed to take an eternity, we arrived in Peterborough.
Finally, laugh and smile as much as you can. We are manifesting new life on Earth, so let’s infuse it with passion and positivity, for energy creates.
I wanted to take a look back at some of the good buys I've gotten to share with my blogger friends. Do you remember these?
Sebastian Easton always vowed he would avenge his stolen youth and title. Now back in London, the rightful Duke of Keswick—returning from battle a wounded, hardened, changed man—cannot forget the brave girl who once rescued him and his brothers from certain death.
Intense muscular spasms and pain in one or more areas of the body.
On the third Sunday of Advent, we add a new element into this solemn season of expectation and hope. Today we rejoice because we know that our hope for a savior was fulfilled in the birth of Jesus. Moreover, we know that the tears of this age will one day become overflowing streams of joy.
10) One of the top women wrestlers in the sport, MsChif will be in the house on March 27th when you make your debut at HVW/NWA Dynamo. If you should happen to go face to face with the Women’s Champion of the World, in your mind what do you see happing?
The papers are from the Echo Park Be Mine collection. The sentiment was stamped on Whisper White and cut out using the Circus Panels Cut Ups from The Cat's Pajamas.
Bastards of Young
Some of it is not optional--I work, I travel for work, I speak at conferences, I attend client dinners. Some of it is personal. Some of it is indulgent. Some of it is about keeping my relationship with Nate an actual relationship. But all of it is important.
Her arrival was dramatic and I will share more in the coming days, but the important end result is that we are both fine.
ROME
A belief in magic as a means of influencing the world seems to have been common in all cultures. Some of these beliefs crossed over into nascent religions, influencing rites and religious celebrations. Over time, religiously-based supernatural events (”miracles”) acquired their own flavour, separating themselves from standard magic. Some modern religions such as the Neopaganisms embrace connections to magic, while others retain only echoes of their distant origins.
Many of these old albums were my dad's, a collection of better times. He continued to buy albums sporadically, whenever he could spare a few dollars, from thrift stores and yard sales when he saw the wide range of my interests.
Checklist cards (CL)(151 to 158)
Pocket Dial by The Possum Posse
MMS (Multimedia Messaging)
“A few days ago, a Muslim asked me if we were allowed to possess WMDs – nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. I said to him: ‘Yes, we must possess such weapons, but not use them.’ We must possess such weapons in order to strike terror in our enemies – ‘Strike terror in the hearts of the enemies,’ and frighten them. If we had nuclear weapons, they would be afraid to attack us, as was the case between the Soviet Union and the Americans, and between India and Pakistan. This is armed peace.
Whether your wedding is casual or formal, you should still follow the basic format for your invitation wording: host line, request line, bride and groom’s names, wedding date and time, location line and attire (if desired).
Thank you so much for your support and kind words. I can't tell you how much they brighten my day. I appreciate you all dearly.
Status and Submission Common year-round in start woods and brushy foothills, usually near lasting rivers. It has designed well to city progression where adequate deal with is offered. This species has been presented regionally within the common limitations of the planned vary, such as Ut. Effective for every have been created in Beautiful lovely hawaii, Argentina, Chile, and New Zealand.
71. Legends of the Fall (Brad Pitt) – Really a beautiful film.
Though Albinia’s reworking of the Mahabharata legend and her use of poetry as a central part of the narrative is innovative, the present-day story itself is too melodramatic. Long-lost aunts, turn out to be mothers. The bridegroom turns out to be a closeted homosexual in love with his new wife’s brother. One character, a Hindu nationalist who has disowned his own daughter for marrying a Muslim, is revealed as the rapist of his daughter’s Muslim maid. Though this present-day story is readable and allows Albinia to draw on her knowledge of contemporary Indian life, it feels as if the author has tried to include every possible aspect of Indian society – the rise of Hindu nationalism, Hindu-Muslim tensions, and inter-class relations. The revelation of family secrets at a wedding is also an old plot device, being used for example in Meera Nair’s Monsoon Wedding. Though Albinia’s characters, particularly, Leela, are interesting and the novel is mostly well-written, the body of the novel doesn’t live up to the innovative use of the Mahabharata in the frame story.
Just enter the code: SCS at checkout.
This teapot is fabulous!!! My grandmother had one just like it (I think) and anyway, tea pots like this always make me think of her. I love that there is even a sugar bowl and whatnot to match. Unfortunately, I already have several tea pots, so no reason for more.
The flamboyant Manager for Opposition Business has long faced speculation over his sexual orientation and has been the subject of rumours that he enrolled in voice-coaching lessons in a desperate effort to “butch up” a bit.
We hate our leaders, we tire of the sloganeering, we turn away from the speeches.
After the adult session, Nathan was using the computer and Marley and I were snuggled in one of the beds watching TV. I was channel hopping and found America's Funniest Home Videos (AFV) my favorite show! But, also watching NCIS. When Marley saw Tom Bergeron she said, "Is this Dancingy with the Stars?"
Welcome to my latest follower- I now have 68 and it would be great to get to 70 to coincide with the giveaway that I'm planning over the next couple of weeks!!
Commander William Guy Carr, in his book ‘Pawns In The Game’ probably written in 1948 stated that third revolution and third world war are in the offing for which the grouping is taking place. He also stated categorically that the third world war would be against Islam.
At the end the manifesto flags up that the ecological crisis presents practical conflicts that are very difficult to manage which is very timely and I see that yesterday Natural England published a response to the latest DEFRA Climate Change predictions stating that
This past weekend, Hanna and I were up in Maine celebrating an early Christmas with the folks. This involved a lot of good food, a Christmas carols service at nearby Colby College, and the creation of our very own tonttu for the apartment. Tonttu are Finnish house spirits that Hanna's mother learned about from her Finnish parents and grandparents. Here are some photographs that we took of the process of making two tonttus. It took the better part of Sunday morning.
At the end of the day, all 16 contestants were called before The Donald to learn how much money they had made for their favorite charities, and who would be the one sent home. Once the ASAP team was named the winner of the challenge, the ladies adjourned to celebrate with champagne while the men faced their fate like — well, certainly not like men.
Sausage sandwiches are easy -- especially if you can grab some good rolls. Personally, I like the baguette at Bon Fresco.
Listen!!!
Ok, maybe fabulous is a word with a little too much sparkle connotation, because these vampires? So do NOT sparkle! They don't sip your jugular with chic poise. They don't talk about breaking with tradition to be a human's one and only. They don't even engage in sarcastic flirt-banter.
ENQUIRIES: enquiries@lobbyist.com
And what I think is cool is that everyone is doing something different. Each person seems to have unique convictions and unique perspectives. They have all taken the time to allow God to reveal things to them individually. Like, this verse seems to be a good prayer for someone before they really start their covenant.
I come up the driveway after a long day at work, stopping once to remove a tree limb that had come down. When I get to the top of the drive, I see George coming from round back, to take his place as greeter when I open the car door.
He tried to avoid it at first; but then laughed and said that after all, the matter was not worth concealment, so he would let me into the secret. In substance, this is his story:
a. A thorny bush
www.urbansurvivalsciences.com (Coming Soon)
“Surely,” Kata thought, “God isn’t this crazy!”
(OMFG!)
Good luck! ♥
Imagine my surprise on Tuesday when we heard from county officials that two of the PIG PAC’s supported candidates were late filing their required campaign finance reports- a violation of state law. Seriously. Tamara Brogan (PIG PAC endorsed candidate for the School Board) and the right honorable Reverend Ricky Frazier (PIG PAC supported candidate for commissioner) both neglected to file their reports by the 5PM cut-off on Monday. So, here’s the question of the day- Do we genuinely want to entrust tens of millions of dollars in annual financial decision-making to these kinds of candidates for local office, people who can’t even get simple campaign finance reports in on time? I sure hope not.
Check out the videos for the adventurous Disparate Youth and the beat-making Big Mouth embedded below.
I absolutely bought it and I absolutely, absolutely wore it! It fits me surprisingly well! I keep getting strange looks, though, as I wear it at E3. Not that I think people are remembering the show (the damn whippersnappers these days need to get the hell off my lawn...), but I think it just puzzles them.
The portable Yamaha YPT210 is easy to buy online, you just need to know where to get the best deal, but more importantly these days you need to be careful with your credit card details! Why pay hundreds or even thousands, when the Yamaha YPT210 does the job? It has a teaching you to play feature that helps your children to learn quickly, and enjoy themselves.
If you're interested in ordering any of Robyn's new sets, or any of her old ones for that matter, click HERE for her retailers!! Also, this Saturday, May 5, is National Scrapbook Day!!! Be sure to stop by Robyn's blog to see what fun she and the Pink Designers have in store for you!! Thanks for coming by today!!
We're having a Release Party, and it is full of great activities, stamp set reveals, and fun with friends! All of the partying will take place in our Release Party forum, so be sure to bookmark it!
Yes, Christmas is when we celebrate the birth of Jesus. But when I focus on what that birth means to me even now, today, and for all my days ahead-It sends shivers down my spine to remember that that is my family heritage! Holy cow. I am a descendent of Abraham! And these are MY promises, too! I have been justified not by works (thank goodness, because I could never uphold the law and be without sin!) but because I am a descendent who follows Abraham’s faith. I read many of these passages over and over again and just pondered them in my heart.
There’s no mention that He complained about having to deal with all of these people after a long day. No mention that He got tired of the constant badgering requests from sick people for healing. The only time off that is recorded is the respite that comes after healing Peter’s mother-in-law when she makes a meal for them and they eat.
His thoughts frozen in time.
For the first performance, they play an instrumental song that I believe none of the audience had never listened before. By the time the song finished, I realized that it was a new tune from the band. They continued to play another song without a break and it was another unknown song with a soft rock tune and not an upbeat one. When I listened to it, it did not really grew on me that fast. It might not be as slow as '거짓말' yet it was not as upbeat as 'Lip'. Moreover, I did not know what it was called. So, I am still very curious about that. Followed then by my favorite 'Lip', which was beyond awesome because it was my first time watching them played 'Lip'. I just sang along with the song during the whole performance.
she knows not the way
It's late at night when the front doorbell rings. Your husband groans, rolls over, and stands up sleepily. "Who on earth can it be at this hour?", he mumbles. He clicks on his bedside light, pulls on his robe and heads for the stairs.
We ended up purchasing four photo sessions (to use in a year), and have done two so far. A family shoot is scheduled for November, and then we’ll do the last one when James is a year old. Here are some of the shots Krisit’s done so far. Keep in mind that these are my photos of her photos, so the originals are far superior.
A link to the artist's page follows my imperfect images. There are other images there, but I liked the installation—book-page backgrounds and such. I didn't have time to stand and read or examine, unfortunately. I was in a hurry to get two computers from a luggage carousel (not knowing that's where they would've ended up... and before long the electricity went down at the airport, but I didn't know what was going to happen, so here's the art, which seems a good match for unexpected quiet and darkness.
Both Artiguez and Francisco are suffering an unbearable crisis of conscience. Artiguez is afraid he’s grown too old to kill Vinolas. Francisco wants to warn Artiguez of the trap Vinolas is setting up for him in San Martin, but isn’t sure if doing so would violate the doctrines of his church. Zinnemann first attempts to bring the two characters together when Francisco stops by Artiguez’ apartment to deliver a letter, which—for complicated reasons—finds itself flushed down a toilet. Normally the delivery of a letter in a Zinnemann film means bad news: think the opening sequences of High Noon or A Man for All Seasons (1966). When Artiguez and Francisco finally do meet, however, it results in the film’s single-greatest sequence, in which they sit across from each other in Artiguez’ darkened apartment, breaking bread and exchanging religious disagreements. When Francisco, for example, brings up the subject of a brain-damaged priest (Jean-Paul Moulinot) who may have been assaulted by Artiguez during a bank robbery, Artiguez is unsympathetic: “Priests should stay out of banks!” A discussion about a neighborhood in Lorca, however, leads to smiles, a toast over wine and an area of mutual understanding.
My mother was worried about them because they were gone for a bit longer than we thought they would be, and my mother is telling Mark to "text A and see if they need anything. See if they're ok." Uncle D is just laughing at my mother at this point because Cousin A and W are both doctors. If they have a medical issue, out of everyone at the house that day, they're the one's who would know what to do!
Ruby’s water breaks. She wakes.
Angel Medicine relates Doreen’s dialogue with the Angels of Atlantis, the stone spirits of Stonehenge. The book is divided into 3 parts, Revealing Atlantean Healing methods, scientific studies, case histories; and the importance of Love, Light, Prayer and Sunshine.
We are adding on to the porch. We had already hired a builder to do this work for us, before the hail storm. So he has just added the roof to his work plan.
Seniors and teens ages 13-17 get in for $5. Adult admission is $6. Children ages 4-12 get in for $4 and children ages 3 and younger get in free.
So we start making fun of these excerpts, and decide it might be fun to have an Awful FanFic Book Club. One thing leads to another, and here we are. We are going to do this chapter by chapter, because in all honesty if I had to read an entire fanfic in one sitting, I would very likely be in a clock tower with a high powered rifle somewhere before breakfast.
She thinks she finds a friend in fellow new student Melody Carver--but can a normi be trusted with her big secret?
First of all we have Squares from Fiona in the Netherlands. She has very kindly made two Squares for our 'Wiggles Challenge'. This really is a very nice Challenge and it's so interesting to see what colours everyone makes them in.
So, this is the photo of the primer coat for all the little flowers and the owl:
Between 2005 and 2010 the total number of registered private security businesses grew from about 4600 to almost 7500, that is, by 61%. Companies offering armed response services rose from 743 to 2701, or by 264%. Cash-in-transit firms grew from 856 to 2183 (155%), while those guarding businesses increased from 3410 to 5752 (69%).
“On Pearl Harbor Day, my sister, brothers and I were home. A neighbor came to visit. We had heard the news of Pearl Harbor on the radio and were kind of in a state of shock; it did not seem real.”
It loosely relates to what we've studied 'cause we've been doing the Romans .... and Hercules is a re-telling of the Greek myth .... sorta ..... kinda ..... ah shut up, it's a great movie and I know all the words to the songs.
12-15 hrs. We split it up into 2 weekends, but it could be finished in one weekend.
She is the kind of mother, friend and woman I aspire everyday to be.
Call my name, Love, call my name
free, authentic life for all of their years!!
Click – ‘Froggy Julie’ – that is the miniature screen in the centre of the top row.
Having had my favorite word
I definitely scored at H&M this weekend with 3 tops!
I work to make my children's lives easier and sometimes to gain a little sanity from the chaos that is motherhood!!
Well, I just got the call from the clinic. I have 4 measurable follicles, E2 is 457. They said if I don't have more measurable on Monday they will cancel my cycle. Bring on the devastation AGAIN. And to top it all off, my insurance people and pharmacy are being huge buttholes about refilling my Menopur. I was taking 2 vials a night and now up to 3 vials. And I am ordering and having it mailed to me because the town I live in doesn't have a specialty pharmacy. So as it stands right now, I am down 1 vial for tonight. And don't have any for Monday. So, I get to drive to STL to pick up 1 vial. yippee skippee.
Well, it's certainly ok, but that doesn't mean you're a virgin. Whatever, do what you want and call it what you want, just as long as you're being safe about the sex (yes, that IS SEX, even if it doesn't involve direct genital-on-genital contact) you are having. But...wait, you can't do that? Because condoms are bad and the Pope says they spread AIDS! And birth control is immoral, and nobody has ever taught you how to use it or why you should.
The good news is that cost-savings due to library consolidation will allow librarians (and users) to buy research materials needed as budgets shift and transitions take place. With the relocation of books there are many possibilities for creating new spaces for group study and collaboration areas.
It is this mythological background that Alice Albinia draws upon in her novel Leela’s Book. The story revolves around Ved Vyasa Chaturvedi, an eminent professor of Sanskrit and his relationships with two sisters, Meera and Leela. Twenty-two years before the novel begins, Vyasa had seduced Meera, who died after bearing him a pair of twins, a boy and a girl. After falling out with her sister regarding her relationship with Vyasa, Leela had gone into exile in New York, making a vow never to return to India. Now, two decades later, Leela is forced to return because her husband’s niece is marrying Vyasa’s son. Although the family thinks that they have arranged the wedding for their own selfish purposes, events are really being directed by Lord Ganesha, who is trying to save Leela, his beloved heroine, from Vyasa.
I have been a smoker for a very long time. I think I was around 10 years old when I started, I certainly never remember being a none smoker. For most of that time I have been a steady 20 cigarettes a day man, although there have been times when I have been 60 plus. Over the years I have had several failed attempts at giving up, success varying from just a few hours, to 6 months when my first child was born.
– But, I will believe, please, you… you have to help – I said.
Judging by recent seasons, May 1st (Beltane) appears to be the seasonal cut-off date. Beltane means earth festival bigtime for the Circlemakers. Buddhist Wesak celebrates the Buddha’s birth on the first full moon of the Taurus cycle (this year May 17th). But May also means the Baal fire ritual of the Ancients. Once again we are being reminded (implicitly) how our ancient Brittonic ancestors valued –nay, worshipped– the sacred return of Light in the full blossoming of May Day, Beltane, with the Earth’s rise in fertility, the blossoming of trees and flowers, the Earth Mother’s return to full growth and potency. Beltane was more than just a fire festival at 15ºTaurus, the mid-point of the growth season; it was a celebration of renewal and a belief for all Mankind that the Earth was capable once again of overcoming death, dying, winter, moving through budding of new growth into full-blown summer and supreme joy of life.
The world is calm and quiet
For better or worse this is the staff that Bobby Valentine will have under him for his first season in Boston. McClure is the most important hire for the Sox and we will see how that pans out. I like Bogar’s move to bench coach as I think he is well suited for that job and can work away from the scrutiny that comes with being 3rd base coach. Boyle is a home run hire and Magadan and Tuck were good retains by Valentine. This coaching staff will really live and die by the success of Valentine and McClure. Hopefully things click early for these guys and we can put the sins of Red Sox past behind us quickly.
A design for music lovers & audiophiles. This symbolic surreal t-shirt design features the silhouette of roots, leaves, flowers & music note embellishments on the audio player of yesteryear- a phonograph. Also known as a gramophone, this musical machine was a forefather to the more modern record player/ record changer & turntable.
Between right and wrong.
In the book Jewish Tales of Holy Women, a spiritual storyteller encourages readers to pursue holiness:
Anyway I am looking forward to 2012! The excitement of a presidential election year. The Republicans are all vying for the religious vote. Mitt Romney is actually somewhat sane but the Religicans don't like him because he is a Mormon! The rest of them are totally and completely ridiculous. I am just afraid one of the lunatics might actually get elected. Then what?
Until then.
It still doesn't seem real yet, that I don't have to say goodbye again any time soon. We don't even have a drill weekend on the calendar for about 3 months that I won't be attending as well. While I can still feel the anxiousness and tense nerves that come with a deployment, I feel like maybe I can start breathing again.
72. Undertow ^
107) I'd like to post here once a week, at least.
A few hints that might make this easier for you:
“The fact that your government does not make positive steps towards the issue raised by Mongolia may perhaps adversely impact the interest of hundreds of Mongolians who are studying and living in Malaysia,” he said.
1 tbsp corn starch
The Birth of the Monster
My passion, my fixed date
9 State the frequency of the work eg
You shift homes, live with new people always
I have been fighting it for days but today I sprent the day on the sofa.
759***D-IV/2/1978. “Human Rights and The Late Massacre in Piedmont.” Human Rights Group, Hyde Park Union Church, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 62-74, 394-98 (1983).)
I'm the girl who goes to Hana for dinner and asks if there is any ramen left from lunch service. (It's only on the menu at lunch.)
John Campion was always going to do well for himself. Everyone knew it.
A mile of Don’s worth two of Dee
The dry dog food
-CREDIT CARD
Life to stop at thirty-five,
Retta Fox is stepping away from The Altered Alice tea table; we wish her all the best in her future creative endeavors! Please join us in thanking her for all the fabulous inspiration she has provided to The Altered Alice and to me personally. I am SO GRATEFUL for her contributions each month, and I sure hope she'll stop in from time to time to participate as a player in our Challenge Chapters. I know you will be inspired by her projects below; what a great swan song to her journey down the rabbit hole with The Altered Alice!
David eagerly awaited the rest of the interaction, but missed it because Cassandra took the opportunity to try to stick her hand down his pants.
someone comes into your life
I'm much too tired to play tonight,
"We all looked - but your client didn't!"
Nicole continued to read Andrew's emails for about a week, but never responded to them.
Was I at the right place at the right time? Of course I was! I needed to learn to think beyond my own misery. These children taught me the simplest yet most powerful lessons of being human; sometimes it takes listening to find out what the answer really is, whether that is listening to another’s cries, their body language, or listening to your own body when it is telling you to REST. And now, that’s what I will be doing – RESTING.
This is something else altogether. The hindi news channels decided a few years ago that they will no longer actually show any news anymore. Which is how we end up with reports like the below:
I have freely spoken on how to start a fashion business- There are countless books and seminars available freely or at great cost online and offline! Let me ask you
If you or I had written this book, we probably would still be trying to find a publisher. This is another example of name branding helping to sell something that might otherwise never would have found a very big audience.
Hey all. Quick post today. I am the May hostess and the first challenge I came up with was to make a card with ribbons and/or pearls. I had thought that my card would be frilly and feminine for Mother's Day, but my muse decided on tween birthday instead.
Here are some lovely yogic breathing exercises, they aid in bringing peace of mind, awareness and releasing tension.
But now comes the part that my friends laugh the most: these lamps had their own light even when it was dark outside.
Having worked in the care industry for seven years prior to Summer 2012 it was very rare that I could actually get a Bank Holiday off unless I bribed. There used to be a process by which you worked one and had the following one off – it never actually worked like that though. Since last August though I have to get used to having to stay home on Bank Holidays which does actually feel quite odd sometimes!
“Take Seth Godin for example. Mr. Godin is by all measures the type of talent a traditional publisher covets. He has authored twelve books, is considered a thought leader in his field and has a large and loyal following. His last book, “Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?” has sold 50,000 copies since its release in January, according to Nielsen BookScan, which tracks about 75 percent of the retail book marketplace. Until last week, that title and his previous books were published under the Portfolio imprint, which is owned by Pearson PLC’s Penguin Group (USA), but according to The Wall Street Journal that has all changed. In the article, “Author to Bypass Publisher for Fans,” WSJ reported Mr. Godin “ditched” his traditional publisher and will self publish his next book and sell directly to his avid readers. In other words, he is taking his message directly to the people.”
Whew. OK, time to get started. Tomorrow. :)
That's the grand tour! Do you love it as much as I do? I'm pretty confident that I can keep it this organized for the long haul, everything we use is in there and it all has a place. Here is a side by side before and after shot, looking at that after makes me feel so calm and happy!
WHEN given the choice – students pick the iPad every time.
I offer my sincere apologies to the blog-chain members of Christian Writers. I was unplugged for the weekend and it occurred to me I was suppose to do something. That something was participating in September's chain and my day was Labor Day, September 5.
And the fudge.
I then set off to look at the intended area , a small tunnel directly above Woy Woy Tunnel , here I took more pics to send off to Pete from Ozatwar.com who I annoy every now and again and who was interested in seeing it as there were actual plans to blow certain tunnels and bridges in WW2 if the Japs ever landed.
The mousse in this is to die for-really-it is one of those things that you taste, then taste again and again and decide you better quit tasting or there won't be any left for the recipe itself. It is definitely a mousse recipe I will keep with my "favorite recipes".
I believe this highlights the first misconception about church. Sunday service is not your prayer closet. For a lot of people, sunday is their only meaningful worship time. So a week’s worth of devotional activity is thrown into Sunday. Your most intimate moments with God shouldn’t be only on Sunday. If that’s the only moment your intimate with God it equivalent to fornication in public. The most intimate moments in a marriage are not at a family gathering, but in your solitude. So, this habit of making Sunday worship into these just you and God occasions seems to be unhealthy, because it loses sight of communal celebration and worship and cheapens our quiet times or lectio divina if you wish. In our individualistic culture we tend to see our salvation, or prayer, or discipleship, and our worship as those things we do on our own. So church can become a traffic jam. All of us get into our individual cars and drive to work. We all might be on the same road going to the same direction, but where in our own little car doing our own thing. We glance over at the people driving around us, usually yelling at them and pretending that we don’t notice them when they look over at us. This is what church feels like sometimes, but it’s really more like the public school bus, if you’ve ever experienced that phenomena.
What happened to me was really more than a miracle.
She was crazy. She reared, bucked, tossed me constantly. She was anxious, unruly, and frantic.
61. If you were to take 1 lb. of spiders web and stretch it out it would circle the whole way around the world!
“R” – Are you going to eat that?
Key Players: Nate Wolters (21.3 ppg, 5.2 rpg, 6 apg), Jordan Dykstra (11.5 ppg, 5 rpg), Griffan Callahan (10.5 ppg), Chad White (9.1 ppg)
AND ALWAYS REMEMBER:
Last night I finished The Serpent Sea by Martha Wells, which is the sequel to the wondrous world she created with The Cloud Roads. If you haven't read any of Wells novels yet it is high time you do and to whet your imagination I turn you towards three short stories, which all have to do with the 3 Worlds.
This is the fourth of a five-part series by El Inglés comparing and contrasting the Troubles in Northern Ireland with the coming Muslim Troubles in Britain. Previously: Part One, Part Two, and Part Three.
My doctor's appointment went well on May 3rd. I gained 6 lbs from my appointment last month and they are happy with that. Jan put me in the "good" room as usual, which I always appreciate. Dr. A measured my belly (a first! I loved it) and we went through my questions. I always have them written out on a pad of paper which I have on the bed beside me and she has been looking at it and just reading the questions from there and answering them as she sets up the blood pressure cuff. She said that she likes that I come prepared like that.
I would like you folks to submit a short story, 1000 words max, based on the following random YouTube video prompt:
Breathing deeply, I scrunched my right eye shut, followed the target... up, up, up. I squeezed the trigger, hoping against all hope that I'd just hit the bloody thing. The butt of the shotgun pulled back into my left shoulder, and though padded I could feel bruises already forming under my skin. Big girls don't cry, so I didn't say anything.
Today is May 1, 2012. Day 2, of The Penny Pinching Year. I woke up this morning, and the first thing that I thought about (even before thinking that Hey! I should make some coffee!) was this project. I smiled a HUGE smile, as I threw the blankets off, and got ready to start my second day in this one year commitment, I have made for myself. In the past, when I attempted this project, day two didn’t seem like all that big a deal. But this time, it does! This time, day two feels FANTASTIC!
I'll see you soon...or at least soon-ish. Expect good things to come. But for now, I'm gonna do some relaxation stuff. I need it.
The design looks interesting, there was a subtle change in color, but it does not look natural; you can still see where my iris ends.
Guru’s seal is hair and whoever gives it up (cuts it) will become a bemukh (non-Sikh). (Sau Sakhi)
Make a construction paper fish to play Flying Fish Relay
Preheat outdoor grill. Combine salt, pepper, and paprika. Rub mixture on meat side of rubs (make more if necessary). Cook ribs on grill for 30-45 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, until almost done. Brush barbecue sauce on ribs in waves, re-applying after each turn. Remove ribs from grill when done and set aside on cutting board to rest.
That was eight years ago. Ms. Cook still works for her ex-husband, now as a laser-procedure trainer. Two years ago, the couple self-published a divorce guide, “After the Happily Ever After.” Although they still squabble a lot, both say they are friends. “Leaving before the fire burned down the whole house made a big difference,” Ms. Cook says.
Maybe it’s reasonable for that cap to exist. If it didn’t, everyone would go around suing the deep pocketed federal government for all it’s worth. This might not work out well for the powers that be. To prevent this form of bankrupting the government, there are financial limits to their liability. The issue being looked at in the state House of Representatives is the amount of that cap. In these situations it often seems to be absurdly low. In the case of the LNFF, the cap is $600,000. This fire caused three deaths and $11 million in damages.
After being put on suspension, Tasca was subjected to a psychological evaluation by Dr. Matthew Geller, a psychiatrist who does contact work for New Jersey law enforcement agencies. Geller provided the diagnosis he had been paid for, ruling that Tasca was unfit for duty. At the same time, the Bogota PD’s internal affairs officer produced a report concluding that Tasca’s refusal to assist Officer Fowler in the April 3 incident demonstrated her
Nearly 500,000 angry Israelis took to the streets this year to challenge economic inequality. The Russian youth are protesting Putin's leadership. Arabs are fighting for less oppressive governments. With the exception of those involved in the Occupy movement, average Americans are deliberating which kind of smartphone they prefer. Maybe it's time to shift priorities.
5. Thermoreactive clothing
Espresso beans are simply coffee beans that have been pressed to make a specific type of coffee, known as espresso. Often, the beans are roasted to a darker level, giving it a more bitter flavor. This bitterness creates the flavor of espresso that many have come to love. Trying to choose an espresso coffee bean can be somewhat confusing. If you know the simple steps to choosing an espresso bean, you can easily fin the best bean for your coffee.
22. Run a 5K
The trio are accused of having contacted a dog owner on Craigslist with the expressed purpose of using the animal as a sex toy. Specifically, the wife was to have sex with the dog, a male golden shepherd, as the two men looked on.
3pm-5:30pm
Here’s an article that sums up this birthday of the ObamaCare Obamination quite well while managing to capture the sheer-chutzpah-hypocrisy that is Obama:
THERE IS ONE MORE REQUEST I HAVE TO MY FRIENDS, EVER SINCE I HAVE LEARNED THE TRICK OF REBLOGGING I REBLOG THE WORKS OF MY FRIENDS, FELLOW BLOGGERS WITHOUT ASKING FOR THEIR PERMISSION, IF SOMEONE THINKS THAT I SHOULD ASK FIRST AND THEN REBLOG PLEASE PLEASE LET ME KNOW. MY DATA USAGE IS LIMITED SO I TRY TO KEEP THE INTERNET HOURS MAXIMUM PRODUCTIVE. PLEASE BEAR WITH THIS MISERLY BEHAVIOUR.
Pandolfo plays the viola da gamba, an instrument that had its heyday in the Renassiance through Baroque eras. It’s a sort of proto-cello, known for its dulcet, silvery tones. Great composers wrote great music for it, but it gradually faded as a mainstream instrument. Today it’s on the radar of early music specialists, of course, and every now and then has a blip in popularity—the most recent as a result of the movie Tous les Matins du Monde, a snob-hit about French composer Marin Marais.
If you look at quantum physics, the quantum physicists will tell you that time and space have no existence apart from the consciousness of the observer, and yet in our psychology and all of our social sciences, we want to reduce consciousness to a material model. It just doesn’t work. It’s like it’s outdated, and I think that’s part of the value of paranormal research is that we’re becoming more conscious of this aspect of consciousness that’s not limited to our concepts of space/time and causality.
Never had to borrow for passion here,
I made the spooky banner with bats using paper and twine and I added more spiders to the french doors.
Animal print skirt, Alfred dunner - via Goodwill
Hope that helps to make select elements in HTML forms a little easier.
The Daily Mailâ€™s findings indicate that the Xe-Services were also tasked to evacuate many RAW sponsored militants from the Balochistan province of Pakistan and all these evacuated militants and separatists are being dubbed as missing people by their families and courts back in Pakistan.
The research into whether hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, can trigger earthquakes is being conducted just as a pair of independent papers were released internationally this week suggesting they do.
Processor: Intel Pentium Dual Core 2 Duo T4500 or T6670
These photos were taken, just before and after sunset, from the top of the Town Hall Clock Tower on March 5, 2012
I am sharing these words for that one person somewhere in time and space who might benefit from them.
The town dates back to approximately AD 600, and over the centuries has thrived as an agricultural centre; as the location of Alnwick Castle and home of what were in mediaeval times the most powerful northern barons, the Earls of Northumberland; as a staging post on the Great North Road between Edinburgh and London, and latterly as a modern rural centre cum dormitory town. The fabric of the town centre has changed relatively little and still retains much of its original character; however there has been appreciable growth in size over the last ten years, with a number of housing estates covering what had been pasture, and new factory and trading estate developments along the roads to the south of the town.
Hope i could give you some inspiration. Thanks for reading and your nice comments as always.
I’ve written a poem with this situation and my daily walk as inspiration. I encourage everyone to translate what they see everyday into a creative outlet. It can only make the view of the world clearer.
I was so very ready to be immersed in the Secret World but, now I’m not so sure and that makes me incredibly sad given how excited I was for this game. Yes, I could get away without dishing for any of the extra pay items but that would feel like getting ripped off to be quite honest. I’m subscribing for a service that is skimping on the very basic essentials for the dollar signs. Were the pay-for items purely vanity (pets, mounts, even no-stat gear such as the faction related leather jackets you can get) I would not be alarmed in the slightest. But, character slots? Are you kidding me?
Accessories: Corner Rounder Punch, Big Shot, Stars Die, Dot Impressions Folder, Dimensionals, Ribbon
Anyways here's what I did with this edit:
Lisa Hoffman I’d get up on a scaffolding and paint the broad side of a barn. I love seeing Big, Brave work from other artists. Maybe I’ve worked in a smallish format for too long. I just wanna go Big, Bigger, Biggest.
In a separate pan, bring the rest of the meat stock and the tomato paste to a boil; pepper and salt only if needed.
As in the case of French premier Nicolas Sarkozy nominating as International Monetary Fund director Christine Lagarde last May – when she was under investigation in Paris, where as finance minister she gifted taxpayer fortunes to an ally of her Conservative Party – this seems to be just another scrape at the bottom of the global governance barrel.
I’m sure these selections change regularly, if not daily, but here are my thoughts: the macarons were okay, but they were very tart and fruity. I suppose the pastry chef was trying to move away from the usual pistachio/chocolate range, but they verged on bitter. The pistachio cake, on the other hand (the small pyramid-shaped thing at the top of the picture) was great, and the cinnamon stick (the white thing on the left) was amazing. The other chocolates were very good as well. I wasn’t a fan of the jelly, but that’s just because I don’t like them generally; it had nothing to do with this particular one. All in all, quite a lot of sweets for ordering “no dessert”! (I should also add that the restaurant graciously gave me another set of everything when I said that my wife was out of town and asked for a couple of chocolates to take home for her.)
And so ends another weekend.
Christian Barbariantz
diet - still on-going... need to reduce 10kg... my fat aka lemak equivalent to 10kg beras... OMG
I came across this post - '10 Myths of Motherhood' - from Planning With Kids the other day. If you haven't yet, read it. The author, guest poster Dr Bron Harman, had me nodding my head in agreement with every one of her points and sighing with the sheer relief that I was understood. That there are other mothers out there like me. One of her points stood out the most, the very last one;
Okay Bad News first:
or yips or yaps.
Lastly, our guest speaker introduced and told in brief about some web-tools, like Google Analytics, Google Adwords, SEO optimization etc. It was interesting listening to Mahir Erkan (as my friends said), hope one day I will have chance to be present on his presentation personally.
The Greater Good is a comic book project I’ve been working on and it tells the story of Michael W. Christmas – the world’s last superman.
I bought this yarn, a skein of Manos Lace in Natural, thinking I would dye it, but there's something very appealing about lace done in white or cream yarn, isn't there? It makes even new patterns look like heirlooms.
This meeting in particular was what I call a ‘Public Reading Event’. There was now real exchange of ideas, debate or in depth discussion. Rather a few people stood in front of copy heavy power point slides and read it out to the people sitting around eating muffins and pretending to listen. A total waste of time and the $8250. This is before we add to the price the opportunity cost of real work that wasn’t done during the 5 hours, or the cost of the meeting ‘culture’ it creates. And we all know a strong ‘meeting culture’ results in a vortex of indecision and slow business practice.
Because yeah, they want to cut spending, but you can't cut military spending. Everything else gets cut, but not the military, no way.
One of the things I first think about when critics mention language in a manuscript is profanity. Different people have different perspectives on what is appropriate for the different age groups. I write all YA and yes, my manuscript is going to have some profanity in it. Teenagers curse. LOL I, admittedly, had a pretty foul potty mouth when I was in my teenage rebellion years.
Rome was not built in a day neither was Berlin or NY
Well, maybe I don’t want to be quite that laid back. Pretty sure it would involve the use of an illegal substance to get there. That or sticking one too many bobby pins into electrical outlets….and I don’t think I’m up for either one of those activities.
Why? Why would he do that?
Besides the hard work it took to write and revise the book, there were some things along the way that seemed to fall into place, like being at the right place at the right time to hear an idea or read something that led to a subplot in the story.
The owners’ respect for the site translated into several environmentally sensitive design decisions. To further tie the house to the land, a natural palette of wood and concrete with weathered steel accents is incorporated throughout the house. In addition to allowing the house to blend into the landscape, the green roofs allow rain water to be absorbed on-site and ensure that the house remains cool in hot summer months. A passive solar design strategy was implemented as well: large windows expose the concrete floors and retaining walls to the morning sun, thus minimizing the need for artificial heat.
Folk singer/songwriter who co-authored The Tofu Tollbooth, a guide to finding veg-friendly cuisine on the road.
Restless.
Suddenly, something clicked within my mind. I thought, “Why am I chasing marriage when it cannot provide the unconditional love that my heart craves? Only Christ offers everything I need.” With this new perspective, I relinquished to God my demand to get married. I still wanted to find a spouse someday, but I no longer considered marriage necessary to complete my life. If I remained single for the rest of my life, that was okay—God promised to fulfill my heart.
However, although men and women are equal, they are not the same. They have different purposes. It is part of Allah’s design and purpose for men and women to have different physical characteristics; likewise it is the duty of a man to provide for the financial needs of his family, and for the woman to look after the home and family.
Working in the background turned out to be the main career meat for Lewis, whether it meant composing soundtrack themes or working as a musical director for fellow keyboard mangler Herbie Hancock and deep-voiced soul man Barry White. He also organized recording sessions and concert appearances for Michael Jackson and Tom Jones. Live at Club 7 was Lewis' first solo release in 1971, including a groovy version of an Isley Brothers tune and prompting a move to Los Angeles by the middle of the decade. Hancock himself showed up as co-producer for Lewis' third Epic side, Eight for the Eighties. An appreciative hit entitled "The Love You Give to Me" resulted, Lewis continuing to score with the disco audience over the next few years with tracks such as the tricky "El Bobo." Lewis subsequently produced albums for Gwen McCrae and Michael Wycoff, going from there into television commercial and film soundtrack music. His film credits — The Hearse, The Sky Is Grey — give the indication that this was the man to call if the subject was grim, in contrast to the happy party feel of his solo albums. Lewis died from complications resulting from diabetes.
Their visibility has particular resonance as the country approaches a once-a-decade leadership change next year, when several older princelings are expected to take the Communist Party’s top positions. That prospect has led some in Chinese business and political circles to wonder whether the party will be dominated for the next decade by a group of elite families who already control large chunks of the world’s second-biggest economy and wield considerable influence in the military.
Reading over Richard Allen's op-ed in the New York Times today, I asked myself whether the author isn't suffering from the same mental infliction suffered by his beloved President Ronald Reagan. Allen, U.S. national security adviser in the early '80s, recalls his memory of Reagan's reaction to Israel's strike on the Osirak nuclear reactor in 1981 (twenty-nine years ago today) only to compare it, shamefully, with the recent Mavi Marmara debacle. He does so with an insidious mixture of nostalgia and dementia that must be making Reagan smile in his grave.
The local coverage combined with some great word-of-mouth has obviously worked wonders for the small setup which was packed to bursting for the whole hour that I was there, with appointments scheduled solidly throughout the afternoon. It was a delight to be able to witness such obvious and very real success, achieved in such a short period of time.
After another great meal at CM’s, we hopped on the monorail and shimmied on over to the Magic Kingdom to give our GAD Fastpass cards another quick workout (I actually BEAT MY SMACK TALKING HUSBAND AT BUZZ LIGHTYEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER!) and to check out the “new” old parade.
I got an email a few days back from a chap that was obviously hawking something. I usually bin off such stuff unless they are offering me free beer in which case I wholeheartedly express my support and enthusiasm for their endeavour. For the record the chap was hawking the following tat here. It’s only worth looking at for the couple of pretty girls and the menu “getting good head” which made me snigger, at least. I like the puerile end of comedy.
71. Chen is positioned as the Main Vocalist, and included in the subgroup of EXO-M.
At the end of this month, I will be presenting in Addison, TX, at SDE's Conference for Texas Kindergarten and Pre-K Teachers, and then at SDE's Conference for Mississippi Kindergarten Teachers! For a full list of all of the conferences that I will be presenting at this year, please click here. There are a bunch! And did you know that I do staff development presentations for individual districts, as well as at educational conferences? I would love to come to YOUR district and meet YOU!
Anyway, the next step was you got called into a big room where there were four tables--one against each wall--with a person seated behind them. You walked up to the table that DIDN'T have someone already auditioning in front of it, and gave the person your paperwork and the audition commenced. My gal was super petite and very "put together" as they say. Outfit. Hair. Make-up. Insanely white teeth. All very precisely done. We chatted about some of the stuff on my sheet, and then she asked me to sing something. Mags, you should be proud: I rocked it with ONJ's "Magic" from Xanadu. She told me I had a very nice voice and she also complimented my hair color. We chatted a bit more, and then she shook my bandaged hand, and it was over.
Drunk = Weak!
Can anyone doubt that the blind lawyer and dissident Chen Guangcheng, who apparently says that he feels a "little" lied to by American embassy officials in Beijing, was, more or less, hustled out and dumped into a hospital before he could further disrupt Chinese-American relations, especially with high-level meetings coming up between Hillary Clinton, Timothy Geithner and their Chinese counterparts? (National Interest)
CVS Cash Card Scenario:
In 1935 and early 1936, three cousins were born into tight-knit families in Ferriday, Louisiana. Rare piano talent, strong parental relationships, the Pentecostal church, family struggle, and a variety of musical influences worked together to produce men who changed twentieth-century music and culture. The individual stories of these three cousins illustrate their varied paths from small-town America to a world stage. Woven together, the collective story becomes even more compelling and amazing.
I should also at this stage point out that the above spelling errors are deliberate and come from Janus Publishing’s own website. This is something else which worries me about this publisher. A website for a publisher is their shop window, whether they are selling author services and/or books to the public, this is the place to present your best possible image, after all, publishing books for authors at a fee, is also a facet of representing their work and image in the best possible light. The copyright tag on the bottom of every webpage also reads ‘2006’.
I will be back again tomorrow with my hubs Easter card, so until next time, keep Crafting!
EDITOR: Celebs dead?
A little reminder of the rules as we would like you to be eligible for comments and the chance to win our wonderful prize or Top 3.
But none of these options seemed quite right.
Feedback from the client sounds positive:
Clever Hans was a horse that wowed audiences in late 19th century Germany, by tapping out the answers to some really easy maths problems. Someone would ask the horse, say, “What’s three plus two?” and he would tap his hoof five times. I mean, I’ve seen four-year-old humans solving quadratic equations, but whatever.
A: Yes, I don’t really like that. I also do not want to be seen as someone who does not take things seriously. I really dislike that.
This brings us to where we started with the discussion that Harold Macmillan referred to in his diary entry for January 20th 1955: "More discussion about the West Indian immigrants. A Bill is being drafted - but it's not an easy problem. P.M. thinks 'Keep England White' a good slogan! (11)
The 7th Voyage of Sinbad, I didn't. In those days they
I just saw a sign that said "RoadKill Route 66"...oh no! We lost the air conditioner-the generator went out climbing that last hill. We open the windows and get a warm yet comfortable breeze.
Why not. Wake him up?
so don't hang around
very badly.
Seems like all is
I wondered: what would our grocery store shelves look like if items were priced according to their actual cost to the world?
Be sure to check out what my DT has been up to all through the month of December. They always come up with inspiring creations!
Wash the backing for the quilt and dry it in the dryer; I also wash the batting and dry it in the dryer to prevent shirnkage when the quilt is washed. Fleece can also be used as a backing and elimate the batting.
I grew up not too far down the road from Athens (during my elementary school years). That’s where I became a fan. When we moved to Orange Park (i.e., Jacksonville) in 1976, there was no compelling reason to change allegiances because there were as many Georgia fans around then as fans for any other team.
01. Dazed And Confused (incl. San Francisco)
Pour into mini loaf pan and bake for 30 - 35 minutes, until golden.
To fight any sort of charges or to defend your privileges as an individual who respects the law, you are going to need the aid of the Virginia criminal defense attorney. A fantastic legal mind supporting you from your part counts much in the long run when it comes to winning the case. Only a professional having excellent amount of expertise may formulate the ideal thought for the forthcoming course of action with regards to the continuations of the case. That is the reason why you have to obtain the ideal lawyer to help you in this whole process.
I am thankful that I get the chance to play games with her and snuggle on the couch, to watch princess movies and read stories, to sing songs and talk about Jesus.
I’ll try to do what I can for you, Mar’alith. As it stands, I put an announcement on all the command boards in Orgrimmar and Thunder Bluff encouraging adventurers to head your way and help out, but apparently that hasn’t been having much of an effect. I’ll double check the boards to make sure the notices are visible enough – with my luck, the announcements got covered by someone’s ad for a futon for sale or guitar lessons or something, with the little straggly rip-off pieces at the bottom with the contact info.
Ok, I killed enough time before meeting my friend at his office. He invited me to a meet and greet lunch at the swank Nashville City Club. Well, it’s swank if you consider early 70s decor to be swank. It is a private dinner club in a Nashville penthouse and has been the location of a lot of moving and shaking for decades. However, I get the feeling that it is struggling to maintain its grandeur.
You know what really did it for me yesterday? What made my mood turn around? Hold on to your hats, this may be totally shocking, so you might want to sit down. What made me feel better yesterday was…wait for it…EXERCISE. Crazy concept, I know. Who knew that focusing your energy, working up a sweat, and burning a crazy amount calories could make a girl feel so much better? Oh wait, I did know that, I just forgot for minute or two (ok…a day or two).
The melody was written by Mimi Farina and the words were written by a John Oppenheim in the 1920s to support the suffrage movement but it is a song about womanhood, about motherhood.
The sheer brilliance in this film is the hiring of director Joss Weadon. AS the man behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Firefly, Joss knows fans and knows what fans like to see. That is exactly the movie that the Avengers is: A movie for the fans. Weadon treats his large cast of various stars like an expensive porcelain nativity scene. Each of the various characters is individually unwrapped and placed where they need to be to create a beautiful and glorious complete presentation. The cast, instead of butting heads over egos and salaries, decided to approach the project like a large scale playdate. If you get the chance to watch a group interview of this cast or even see a video of them at the premiere, then do so, because it is the best way to see how much fun they had being together to make this film. In the end, each character shines on his own and the collective glow that they reflect off each other is practically blinding. Judging from International and presale receipts, this film is bound to generate a great franchise on its own to accompany the four individual franchises. I for one am looking forward with eager anticipation to each and every one of the upcoming films.
salvation, the doom of sinners, and the
The very essence,
2.Don’t skip breakfast. Have a nice cereal and some milk, or soy or almond milk. Skipping breakfast (or any other meals) does not lead to weight loss but some assume that to be true. Don’t eat a slimming cereal though – have oats with real raspberries, or perhaps slices of banana.
don’t ask me
On my, I'm not one for showing off...and normally I'd never be able to own something which cost as many pennies as these babies but they were a Christmas gift, and one I've had on my list for 3 years. Well, all I can say is COSY!!! They are so super snugly and warm I never want to take them off...people wonder if they're impractical as you can only wear them when it's dry but I've worn them lots of times since Xmas as we've had lots of cold dry days. And don't be thinking I'm a fashion victim, I'm normally a very practical kinda gal, wellies and a big coat are my bag usually, believe me, if you like to be warm these are a great investment!!!
You're allowed some creative licence. For example, Shimmy Shimmy Ya doesn't have 'like' in the title but sings 'ooh baby I like it raw'...
(She's now got her next challenge from me; let's see what she comes up with.)
“I enjoyed your sharing of rare disco tunes and the Auntie Mame flourishes of redecorating your apartment. And of course the handsome nearly naked mens that caught your eye.”
For from you sounded out the word of the Lord not only in Macedonia and Achaia, but also in every place your faith to God-ward is spread abroad; so that we need not to speak any thing.
Alisa Bowman was at her wit’s end. She would spend days dreaming about divorcing her husband and knew she wasn’t in a healthy marriage when she fantasized about her own husband’s death and ways to plan his funeral. In a last-ditch effort to make her marriage work, she came up with a four-month project to save her marriage. The Happily Ever After Project is that story.
Hit Dice: 1d6
2:20pm CST
This was of no real consequence until one day while in college, it was some kind of 3D sculpting class, our instructor told us to bring to class a spool of hardware wire, pliers and wire cutters. We arrived realizing we were going to create a wire sculpture of some type but we had no idea what. When the instructor started the class they basically said something along the lines of "You have 3 hours. Make something."
I take a lot of painkillers. My daily medication currently consists of 9 different pills of varying strengths.
I knew she wouldn’t judge or be disappointed in me, but telling Heidi I’d left D. and that the kids were spending half their time here and half their time there made me disappointed in myself.
To ever reach you and help you survive.
the city, of leaving home, cutting the ties that bind).
TUNIS (Reuters) - Two young Tunisians have been sentenced to seven years in prison for posting cartoons of the prophet Mohammad on Facebook, in a case that has fueled allegations the country's new Islamist leaders are gagging free speech.
There will be a day when the burdens of this place, will be no more, we'll see Jesus face to face
A new day.
“It certainly would be an error of the first order for us to plunge out into a programme of promises and bribes in the hopes of winning the public favour. But if you say to me: `What account are we to give of the policy of the Conservative Party? What are we to say of our theme and our cause and of the faith that is in us?’ That is a question to which immediate answer can always be given.
President Barack Obama: narrow winner or big loser in November. Presidential election history gives us indications that Mr. Obama either squeaks back into the White House or gets an undignified boot in the back of his designer trousers. In modern presidential elections, only Jerry Ford lost his re-election bid narrowly. Odds are, if Mr. Obama loses, it will probably be on the order of Hoover (1932) or Carter (1980).
We had no camera between us, but the memory is all the sweeter for that.
My good friend, Danielle, made me a whole plate full of brownies, which I devoured (not all of them, of course) and had to pay for it later when poor little Gavin got it all in his breast milk.. Did not sleep a wink that night. I felt so bad for my roommate, that I dragged the bassinet into the bathroom to try to cover up the noise! Ugh! I was so young back then! I should have sent him back to the nursery, but I wanted my baby with me so badly, I would not even consider it. In hindsight, some sleep would have been beneficial. Ah…20/20 hindsight.
Here’s a past, present and future 3-card spread. We should be able to get ‘down and dirty’ with that one since time is an issue today. I was going through some papers that I need to file while looking for something and came across a little hand-out that I received from a class in “Cartomancy”.
The accompanying ideas—that kids are merely "forming into" adults, and that they are especially "formable" during certain years—are equally bad. They are booby traps for the unwary, and they can lead us to some thoughts about our kids that are really pretty nasty.
Read more about the “frequency manipulation” of the weather here:
SCAF is scheduled to hand over power to a civilian government on 01 July 2012. The chances that the generals are going to facilitate a peaceful transition of power hover right around zero. With this much violence before the elections have even taken place, it isn’t hard to imagine what things will be like when Tantawi et al. renege on their promise this summer.
When I read this I thought of the many, many hours I spent standing beside my father in our garage handing him spanners and hammers and tools with daft names like torque wrench and needle-nose pliers. My dad was a proper dad; a dad that worked with his hands; a dad who’d started “in t’mill” (remember he was a Lancashire lad) when he was something like thirteen and never had a day off discounting his National Service and a few weeks following his heart attack (probably caused by overwork). Before I read this story I had no idea what a saw set was but I bet my dad had one. He had all kinds of saws. He wasn’t a joiner by trade but he’d have a crack at anything: bricklaying, plumbing, electrics, you name it. I can change a plug and I can change a tyre but that’s about my limit.
As the hunt for the children intensifies, so does Lexi’s need to know—about the witch that just might be more than a bedtime story, about the wind that seems to speak through the walls at night, and about the history of this nameless boy.
The Princess of Las Pulgas is a story about a girl who has everything, and then suddenly almost nothing. Book trailer.
I’ll post a link later from Youtube so you can hear this great song!
but I wait upon it.
2 household
The question is then, why would an intelligent, seemingly sensible woman do something so foolhardy and so grotesque as 'vodka eyeballing'. And what can be learnt from her story?
Elizabeth is one of English lit’s best-loved characters for good reason: her “lively, playful disposition,
One of those places is this closet:
“Maybe it’s cursed!”
"PATTOLOGY":
This past weekend was absolutely one to remember. We started Saturday with an early morning walk with the pup, then to the Green City Market. We visited the newly re-decorated Perennial Virant for mimosas and spent time with family and friends, then ended the evening at Websters Wine Bar (an all-time favorite of ours).
I'm making the executive decision, mine and mine alone, to withhold the "full" set of rehearsal takes for the time being. Will the rest see the rational (i.e. not trainwreck-style) light of day? I believe so, but now is not the time or place. We are lucky we have - and lucky the band saw fit to release - what we do now: full lyric versions of Ian Curtis foreshadowing his suicide, literally days before doing so. These were never believed to exist, within general circles. Respect for the family, the band, etc. kept these out of public light and I completely understand the reason why. Why now? I don't know. I'm grateful they exist, grateful we - as fans - have the opportunity to catch this last, tragic, piece of Joy Division history.
Exquisite and radiant, the rose is the principal messenger of love. A single rose denotes perpetual love; two roses of any color taped or wired together signify a commitment or forthcoming marriage.
She’s trying to recover, though. The family recently made a memorial gift donation to the Canton Public Library, where Kassi and her daughter often wiled away the hours. The donation is being used to buy four books that would have interested Abby. Kassi still has, and plans to keep, Abby’s library card.
I went back to the ENT today to have a CT scan of my head. It was seriously cool to see the images, 2 of which I'll share here. (The dark spaces should essentially be symmetrical.) Basically, the "BAD" sections are swollen areas, and the openings to those sinuses are pretty well blocked so the junk can't drain. Keep in mind, this my baseline after 4 rounds of antibiotics and steroids.
Meaning: Battle worthy
Today, for the first time in history, Jews, Christians and Muslims all may freely worship at their shrines. And, contrary to certain media reports, Jews, Christians and Muslims ARE allowed to build their homes anywhere in the city. The anguish over Jerusalem is not about real estate but about memory.
Professionally, giving also offers several benefits. One study found that fostering positive social support at work raises productivity. Another study found that those who give at work (“work altruists”), and through professional association are far more engaged with what they do and are more often promoted, compared with colleagues who stay isolated while doing their job.
The story here is that John Cena is angry at The Rock for turning his back on the WWE when he wanted to be known as Dwayne Johnson. I mean, why would he want to drop The Rock moniker when he can pad the WWE’s pockets for doing nothing other than owning the name, The Rock?!? What legitimate actor would rather be known as Dwayne Johnson as opposed to The Rock?!? CENA DOESN’T UNDERSTAND!!! Cena is about as smart as a bag of rocks apparently. This part isn’t a work, this is actually some of Cena’s legit beef with The Rock. Oh Cena also got angry because The Rock said he was never leaving again in a promo last year and then was off TV for months. Clearly Cena has the brain capacity of a 4 year-old and takes everything that is said literally. The Rock, well he just doesn’t like John Cena, and who can blame him? He thinks he looks stupid in all his Rainbow Bright, Fruity Pebbles t-shirts and jean shorts (he does), he thinks all his mottos like Hustle, Loyalty, Respect and Rise Above Hate are plain stupid (they are) and he is as sick of seeing Cena as the rest of us (WE ARE!) and has let Cena know it.
Henry said the absenteeism of teachers is 30% per day and that most students are performing three or four years below their grade level. Eamon suggested that teachers need to be held more accountable and asked her how many teachers she has written up. She said just one because of the lengthy time it takes to handle these matters and the probable fights with the teacher's union.
Stir well again
The only sounds which I can hear are the continuing sound of a nearby radio, my soundtrack continues like I always knew that it would.
First, we looked for a replacement treadmill. Limited progress was made with the actual dealer we wanted to visit, despite claiming to have an outlet in Mid Valley on their website, actually not so much existing. So it may be some time before we sort that out.
Overall Stats:
That morning he’d ran fine and free
I linger by my shingly bars;
- finished 7 weeks of radiation in July, BUT +, headed to Sturgeon Bay, WI to stay with Bill & Kathryn, and then into Chicago to see Margo & Luke and their girls and Gemma, Rowley and Fin and of course, Dr McLeod and the toxoplasmosis research group.
One of the men that was oh so attracted to Evalle was almost completely pointless to the story. I know this is the first of a series but he was introduced, instantly attracted to Evalle, as she was of him. Evalle talks about him to Tzader and Quinn. Tzader tells her the guy is bad news cause he hunts Alerants. She is half Alterant and half Belador. So now she’s worried about this guy finding out about what she is. The book has two more scenes with Evalle with this guy. (He was so pointless I forgot his name). He gives her information and kisses her and then… nothing. I found his character pointless in every way. Evalle could have gotten the information some where else and we would have all been spared an unnecessary and lack luster love scene.
File Under ;;; Punk Rock Afterbirth
A tiny toy poodle. He had been in the hospital for a couple days due to anemia caused by a flea infestation so severe the fleas were literally crawling out of his eye sockets and other orifices. His red blood cell count was 12% (normal is ~37-55%). We got rid of the fleas and stabilized him and sent him home but he had a stroke the next day and lost the use of his hind legs.
I have never really explored Manila as an adult. The last time I was in the city was for one night in 2009, en route between Hong Kong and Mindanoa province. It was a blur of a night. I remember only concrete and more concrete, and a long taxi ride amongst humidity.
McInerney states, “…nobility is possible with this grape.” He goes on to list several producers that should be considered, and notes that the wine region of Friuli, Italy produces some noteworthy selections.
5) Over 50% done putting together clickable maps for Nobody Hikes in LA. Driving through Whittier or Irvine and want to know where to find a trail? This is for you! Note: as I write this post, all the hikes are not yet included on here since I'm not finished, although by the time you read this post they may be.
Starfleet opts to send its flagship to intercept it. The Enterprise has been undergoing refurbishing in order to explain it new, bigger budget look. The ship id now under the command of Decker. It is never mentioned onscreen, but he is the son of the commodore who went nutso in “The Doomsday Machine.” Decker was supposed to bea main character on Star Trek: Phase II. What he and his companion Ilea were supposed to be turned into Riker and Troi years later on TNG. For my money, there is not a whole lot recognizable here.
How did doing things I love (working, baking, volunteering) careen out of control? I love working, love my job, but doing more of it didn't make me love it more. Ditto baking. I love to bake, but my obsession to complete Baking From My Home to Yours resulted in making things I didn't enjoy, nor did I enjoy making them. I had turned my life into too many things that had to get done, and I lost the joy of doing them. With no time (no time!) to contemplate them before, during or after, my life lost the patina of worth. I spent all this time working more, and not achieving completion, and I spent what little time I had at home baking, and not loving the process. It didn't take me more than a day in Paris to realize that I had to change. That was a revelation. In the past, I would say "things have to change!" when talking about work while we were on vacation. This time, it was clear to me that the change has to come from me. And it has.
Having realized over the past decade that going to the cinema had become a less than pleasant experience, at the beginning of last year I’d decided to give it all a miss. It didn’t seem to be a big deal now that the DVD release is usually in the shops well before, say, a hardback book becomes available in paperback. If I can wait to read a book I can certainly wait to watch a film. Equally weary of the ramped—up propaganda that goes into selling every new release, it was refreshing to catch up with it long after the attendant hullabaloo had died down, so I could watch each movie on its own terms without it being made out to be such a big deal.
We spent three days over new year in a "wigwam" in Northumberland on Herding Hill Farm. Owned by a lovely man, Steve and his family it's a fairly new enterprise for them and the wigwams with their own hot tubs haven't arrived yet so we were in the basic ones but heck it was good. Wooden structures, benches and a wee table and then the benches form the beds (Paul was having a disco kip one day on the bench there) and they are cosy and warm and pleasantly different. We do camp generally for our holidays but over January and in the wind and rain that we have been having that would have been very hard work. These wigwams are cropping up all over the UK, I would recommend them.
All of this flat-on-my-backness has given me plenty of time to research mattresses, Pilates, and especially Paris and London. We've got our plane tickets, figured out what we want to see and do in Paris and bought tickets to the newly opened Harry Potter Studio tour in London.
You can find these canvas totes to match any decor. If storage is pretty, you don't have to hide it away.
The war was lost not when the idiotic Bremer, who really represents the best America has to offer in career diplomats (you get to be a diplomat by graft, corruption and ass kissing) disbanded the Iraqi Army and turned the country's population into 70% unemployment zone; no, the war was lost when, after "liberation", American soldiers did NOT demolish Abu Ghraib, the prison where Saddam's thugs tortured men, women and children, but instead started to use said building complex, for the same reasons - to imprison and torture Iraqi men, women and children.
To me, good music is good music, and yes, that inlcudes Katy Perry. I know some people hate on her, but not only do I love the sound of her voice, I love the artist right due to her blue wigs!
Poverty. According to UNICEF, 24,000 children die each day due to poverty. And they die quietly in some of the poorest villages on earth, far removed from the scrutiny and the conscience of the world. Being meek and weak in life makes these dying multitudes even more invisible in death.
Ouellet, who in 2010 left Quebec to become Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, one of the top positions in the Holy See, advises Pope Benedict XVI on candidates for the episcopacy. Among other surprising and innovative appointments was that of Ouellet’s replacement a little over a year ago, Archbishop Gerald Cyprien Lacroix, who had served less than two years as one of Ouellet’s auxiliary bishops.
However, there is a lot of talk in the book about how much Ivy worries about her grandfather while he's down in the mine, they talk about working in the mine like it's a form of cruel and unusual punishment, and in the end there is a mining accident with lots of details. There are references to real life mining disasters, descriptions of the families waiting at the church for news, and descriptions of what may or may not be going on down there...explosions, rock falls, floods, drowning, deaths...all very scary, especially if your Daddy is a coal miner.
An excellent text which covers this area extremely well. This will be of interest to those who want more information on how the analysis that underpins this approach to profiling is carried out as there are lots of examples here:
I'm finished with my musical excursions in Ontario for a while and in about six weeks I'll be leaving here. My next big adventure will probably be the George Street Festival in St John's this summer. Sean will be back with his band mates and Great Big Sea will perform. It's been ten years since I've seen them live, an entire decade and I've missed them. I'll be a resident then.
Isn’t it incredible how a smell can transport you back to a place and time far easier than a photograph can? How the whiff of someone’s perfume, or browning garlic, or freshly cut grass causes often causes a flood of memories and emotions? I know now that for the rest of my days, the intoxicating scent of orange blossoms will always take me back to the Mediterranean coast of Turkey.
And lit up in that way
There have been–and still are–many flowers and the season shows excellent potential. Of course, one should never count the berries until they are picked.
It's eating my emotions.
We never did fully come to a formal decision... Mike just started saying "It's a good name" when I mentioned the name. And then when he was born and the doc asked me his name, I just kind of blurted out "Emmett Jeffrey." Thank goodness it was OK with Mike, because I love that little man's name!
Minions: “SWIPER!”
“How is this possible?! How does one get anywhere?!” He even managed to enunciate the exclamation marks as he laughed his way through this blasphemy.
The 57-year-old Chavez had to return to Havana last week for more surgery despite repeatedly saying he was cured after two procedures last year. That has fueled doubts about his ability to campaign for re-election in October, or to govern if he won.
Then, Hoffa stated that the Tea Party is in his union’s sights:
Yeah Tootsie Roll, Let me see that Tootsie Roll
Location: Ames, IA
Given that so much blood was on the hands of his party, and, as such, the newly appointed government, some may conclude that those who praised Madela's mercy and forgiveness, when the Truth and Reconciliation tribunal set up after he came to power, to look into the Apartheid years, did not include a provision for sanctions, were being deliberately naive.
Rohaizad Mohamed, Senior Vice President of Broadcast Operations at Astro said, “As a licensed broadcaster, Astro is required to comply with the national content regulations.
The needle drops and I’m all expectation. Can this be really as good as has been written about? Forty minutes or so later, having indulged myself in both sides of the vinyl, I’m in quite a state of shock. At this distance, its quite hard to explain in mere words just what an impression that record made. Put simply, up until that point in my life I’d never… ever… heard anything like it.
Please welcome:
I recently spotted this article which details the town's struggle not only to change their name because of its sound, but also because it can't be found in Google searches by tourists. Think about it - googling "Eu" will probably give you a whole host of hits regarding the European Union, conjugations of the French verb "avoir" and a whole handful of other things OTHER than this French town.
But we see those imperatives again, don’t we? Love. Do Good. Lend. Love. There’s something about love in these verses that is irritating. There’s something about this love that Jesus expects us to demonstrate to others who are far less deserving than some we can think of in our lives. I think that what is irritating is that Jesus expects us to love without expectation of reward in this world. He says we live and love with only the expectation of being rewarded by God—perhaps not even in this world.
Not too long after that we decided to pick up a copy of the book because Rog and I wanted to read it. My brother in law actually picked it up first and then he had to get the rest of the series as well. After he read it my oldest, Marti picked it up and devoured it. She proceeded to read the next book, and the next one and the next one and the next one. She had the entire series read within a week or two. After she finished it, she read it again and then again.
There has been a call from several mayors of municipalities here in British Columbia, Canada to legalize marijuana…the arguments for it are essentially that they are tired of fighting against a mega-tide of grow-ops and drug dealers who are far richer in resources and weapons to push back than the cities can afford to be, and they are right…
Glenna and I both taught two classes, in a charming country hall.
Also, I bought some fake eyelashes because they are fun to wear to fancy occasions.
"I am a happy man."
In the previous years, the Government and Education Ministry would bother for a symbolic anniversary commemoration, but since last two years, those events have been forgotten. There is no Government support for republish of his work, and assistance for research projects about his unpublished works. In the above BBC reports, the family members of Kateb has said over 3500 unpublished pages are with them, which are endangered. Even hundreds of unpublished pages from later volumes of Kateb’s famous book Lamp of Histories are available with the family, but the Government, despite fake promises, has no interest to republish it, or allow the private sector to work on it.
For the puppy – petting always does the trick. For your gaby – hugs, lots of verbal encouragement, and kisses. For your drag queen – a wig-spree. Once a week, if your drag queen is behaving, take her out on a wig-spree where she can purchase any wig she wants up to $100. Yes, it is costly, but in the end very effective.
In the martial arts, we fight all the time. Striking, kicking, throwing, wrestling, grappling – so many things to practice. Rarely have I ever learned as much from winning a fight as I have from losing one. Without losing, I would never get any better. I believe that applies to life in general. The greatest chefs have all burned and over-seasoned thousands of meals. The best business owners have had the guts to experiment with several strategies before figuring out the best model. So I agree that we shouldn’t worry so much about losing.
How do I know this? Because I am a Graphic Designer, my post-secondary education says so.
shouted out with glee,
Halfmann: We ended up using a brush script for the lettering.
So, my conclusion is something like this: Rousseau is not writing for liberal or emancipatory purposes, but for essentially authoritarian and conservative purposes – to hold together (class) society in spite of diverse and conflicting individual interests (and in spite of the contradictions, between democratic carrots and authoritarian sticks, that this involves). He is also not writing for an actively or enthusiastically capitalist sort of conservatism (one might suspect that this role belongs more to figures like Locke or Hobbes, but don’t quote me on that).
As we have noted before, journalists are highly evolved intellectual herd animals. They possess sophisticated sense organs capable of detecting minute changes in the propaganda environment. Commentators are currently well aware, for example, that the United States has declared a willingness to negotiate with the Taliban in Afghanistan – the standard last resort when the costs of violence become so high that rational solutions are deemed preferable. No surprise, then, that the Guardian’s Madeleine Bunting is able to perceive a level of complexity in that ruined country that so rarely features in reporting from Iraq:
They sent the lawyers down and the doctors down;
E and I spent a really nice day wandering around and getting a feel for the city. For snacks we got cupcakes at "Hey Cupcake". This place is nothing more than an air stream trailer. Actually, we saw that there were plenty of food trucks and rv's. It was kinda rad to see so many food carts. In Boston we hardly have any. The cupcakes were $2.50 (Boston people who complain about the price of cupcakes take note, it is a fairly standard price). E opted for a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and I got a red velvet one. Both were really fantastic. Moist with plenty of tasty frosting. Another plus for me? The chocolate one didn't have a butterceam frosting but a really nice sugar and milk frosting. I tend to not enjoy buttercream so I was really into this. Also the red velvet one had an exceptionally well done cream cheese frosting. Later, we also split a slice of pizza from a place called Home Slice. It came recommended to us by a local who told us that they annually take a trip to NYC to study the pizza scene. Neat. We got a slice of the Marguerite to try. It was very good. The crust was nicely executed. Crisp and chewy where it needed to be. Good air bubbles in the crust but not enough char because the crust was a bit blonde and could have been cooked a bit longer. The toppings were good and we were pretty happy with the rec.
“By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac; …accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead.”
Well, there isn't one... at least that owned by Wingers. As it turns out Winger Bros. is contract brewed locally. The contract brewery asked that I not identify them yet, but you can probably figure it out.
What I love the best is the fabulous views: across to North Wales with glimpses of the Great Orme at Llandudno, and Anglesey; coloured sails bobbing on the Marine Lake at West Kirby; the Royal Liverpool Golf Club at Hoylake and the North Liverpool coast beyond. Other interesting sights: seals lolling on the sandbanks (or in the water), offshore windfarms and oystercatchers on the waterline.
After an extensive amount of research on the matter, I decided to go through with it. I went to Lay Bare Waxing Salon in Robinson's Galleria. There are a few tips that can help you if you're having a bikini wax done for the first time.
It's a very dark maroon thin stripe corduroy wrap dress with a black cotton sash. It has proved almost impossible to photograph but you get the idea.
He is MY calm
SAMPLE ANSWER: Men are supposed to be protectors, providers and moral/spiritual leaders. In order to help men to be protectors, women have to give them time to study to discern truth from lie, and support their ability to be physically strong, and to own firearms. It is also a good idea for women to have a positive view of good men who use force to restrain evil, as with the American military. Women should support the use of force against radical Islam and terrorists, as well. In order to help men to be providers, women have to advocate for fiscal conservatism in the public square. That would mean advocating for lower taxes, less government spending and smaller government. It would also mean being frugal in the home and helping the man to move ahead at work. If the children are up and out of the house, it could mean going back to work or starting a business to help make ends meet – or monitoring investments. For a man to be a moral and spiritual leader, a woman has to be supporting of him making moral judgments in the home, disciplining the children, holding her accountable for moral errors, and for making exclusive truth claims when it comes to spiritual things. She should not censor him when he gets into debates about spiritual things, even if other people who disagree feel bad – so long as he is not being a jerk. Her goal is not to be popular or liked, but to support her husband in his roles. The most important thing a man needs is respect, and that means treating him as important and significant, being grateful for his contributions, soliciting his opinion on things, being mindful of his male nature, which is more visual and sexual.
So if all dramatic art is essentially just a sex scene, what's the difference between eroticism and pornography?
Keen to travel in Indonesia area or overseas
Here's a very simple tweak to make things look right again.
This week has been hell at a certain point. Also good, because I spent a lot of time with my friends, and I really love them. Maybe I'm a selfish bitch and I don't feel like sharing what I have, but I can't do anything, they were there before I was there for you. I can't really say anything about this, but I felt like shit this week, sincerely, I cried every single day, and I just can't tell you that I feel sad, that I'm here, willing to be with you all day, and it can't happen. The good thing about it is that I get more time to spend with my friends. Love is something that needs to be shown every day, in a gesture, words, gifts, a kiss, but it hurts when I can't spend quality time with my beloved one.
First it all let me say that I HATE the changes on my blog. I don't know what happen but after been absent for a few weeks I found out everything in here changed. I would like to know if the same happened to you. Any suggestions?
Son: It's called 'No One' by Maverick Sabre.
Not been blogging - been on holidays and also fighting some sort of bug caught on plane back home but .... I've been working on photos ready to post - with stories :0)
I did a podcast with Carl before Christmas on the Assange affair – and one with Assange’s lawyer, Mark Stephens. This was analysis of the issues to date and did not prejudge the issue of guilt or innocence. Lawcast 174: Carl Gardner on the Assange / Wikileaks Extradition
Lexicon word of the day: timorous.
10. Blind
Cheaper, no chemicals, leaves the skin smooth and it lasts for a long time (I usually end up not having to shave or rewax for a couple of months).
He seems to think that protecting our borders is racism while calling La Raza a civil rights organization. Being a "well educated" major university professor, you think he would catch the irony there.
The Complete Series of House of Five Leaves is an unforgettable and deeply engaging anime series that is unique from other Edo period stories we have seen before as it not brings Edo to life but also tells us a brilliant story. Like the manga that inspired it, the series is filled with appealing characters, fantastic animation and a wonderfully written story that makes this one a real Must Have for any anime enthusiast or a fan of Natsume Ono’s manga.
Imago, Not Amigo
Writers, it is not enough to base your characters and plots on real life and real people. You have to make them plausible to your reader.They are reading a work of fiction, not a memoir or a piece of journalism.
Finally, even if a more cautious approach regarding pharmacological assistance in obstetrics is probable during the twenty first century, and even if the concept of in-labour non-emergency caesarean is better understood, the priority will always be to rediscover the basic needs of labouring women, as long as the main objective is to facilitate in our societies the release of an abundant flow of love hormones in critical periods of human life.
10. Along the Delaware River, from Washington Crossing State Park on PA Rt. 32/Rt. 611 to Easton, PA. It's great to do this scenic and historic drive on a foliage-lit fall afternoon, have dinner and a couple excellent beers in Easton, and then return at night with a full moon reflecting off the river. Beautiful.
Yarn, Embroidery Floss, Bakers Twine or even Jute
Sendak’s recent death coincides with my toddler’s sudden fear of the dark. This fear has come in stages. First, several weeks ago, she started asking for a lamp to be left on at bedtime. Every night, before I went to bed myself, I would sneak into her room and turn off the lamp I’d left on for comfort; I’d then arrange her covers and give her a soft goodnight kiss that she’d never remember.
In the fabric being woven from the progress of your recovery from depression and addiction, there are a number of specific factors that need to be maintained. The common thread that supports all of the other factors—is ‘honesty’. The honesty you have already shown is admirable. Being humble enough to admit you need the help of God to survive and conquer your weakness is a huge accomplishment. It isn’t easy to admit you struggle in certain areas that some people have never had a problem with…and you’ve been able to do that, to some degree.
It's at this point that your wife walks in.
-Leave a little opening to flip the rag right side out. Close the opening and sew a 1/4" seam around the edges to finish. I used colorful thread for the outside stitch to make them more fun. At that point you have a new soft, thick burp rag.
"With regard to nervous system function, it is thought that persons with FM experience pain amplification due to abnormal sensory processing in the central nervous system."
Goes over the hill into the deep sea;
Nas -- his real name is Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones -- was not quite 21 when his debut album, Illmatic, was released in 1994. Some critics rank it as the best rap album of all time, and nearly all of them rank Nas very high on the list of the greatest MCs.
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series
Let's see when I get around to making the muslin and cutting the fashion fabric.
Can you believe this is the last Winner's Post that will be here? Don't fret though, our new home will be filled with fun challenges each week and a fabulous new group of winner's for each challenge.
As if she read my thoughts and ran her fingers over it.
But, I wouldn't trade her for anything. She is affectionate, funny, adorable, oddly agile for her age, and an extreme pest. She is needy and independent all at the same time. Maybe that's why she drives me bonkers - we are too much alike.
She says he should shower/
119 11. “Dreadful Days in Athens: Greek Massacres and American Misjudgments.” Congressional Record, vol. 119, p. 40892; Daily Record, pp. H11151-H11152 (December 11, 1973).
Several weeks later, Jonah awakens in the cabin of an old trapper. It is not revealed how the trapper found Jonah, but he nurses the boy back to health through the summer & fall & into winter. Jonah walks for three days to find the Apache camp, but it is deserted. Then we get a montage of Jonah as a "wanderer on the frontier", a buffalo hunter for the Army, a tracker, a scout, and then in the Civil War at Chancellorville (May 1863), Vicksburg (July 1863), Shiloh (April 1862), Antietam (Sept 1862). Therefore, the Fort Charlotte Massacre occured sometime after July of 1863.
There were complementary bottles of German Riesling – feeling German and only wanting to insure there was plenty of our beer for the guests, I consumed several of these wines myself.
“My cart,” I began, pointing to the circle of people surrounding my cart, “it won’t budge.”
…like monks, some of us will be visited by visions and others will toil out our days knowing glory only at a distance, kneeling in the chapel but never receiving the visitation of a Tony, an Oscar, a National Book Award. And yet the still, small voice may speak as loud in us as in any. So we pray. Fame will come to some. Honor will visit all who work.
are you insane?
Day 3: Through your grief process who has been your "rock"
No romantic and/or rock-star vampires here. These bloodsuckers want to eat you and play with your blood. It’s chock-full-of disgusting death and charged with an apocalyptic climax threatening the entire west coast.
And I know that his commandment is eternal life.
8:30am
What the republicans are banking on is that they can excite their base enough so that ALL of them show up, and then the Republican establishment-types will vote Republican no matter what, because that's what they do. Then, they're hoping that Independents will be disenchanted enough with the economy (remember, stupid...) that they're turn their back on the President and his efforts to revive it. The problem with this philosophy is that it only works if Republicans sent one of their warriors to the general, and not one of their establishment candidates. Michele Bachmann will excite the base, but she has literally no chance of winning the general. Same goes for Herman Cain and Ron Paul. Mitt Romney and John Huntsman are on the opposite end of the spectrum; they can make a lot of money by appealing to the party elites, and could both possibly win a general election, but would most likely not do so because the party base would stay at home, and opt to mourn the state of the country, instead of handing the presidency over to a more mainstream, establishment Republican (to be fair, I give them credit for being principled, even if they are misguided).
And the princess saw them an she was scared.
Tim Minchin came on and announced that this gig was more of an experiment and that they only had 7 songs, he then confessed that he had written one more this afternoon, so eight songs. The music began. The music was simply amazing, enjoyable, whatever…..I felt privileged to have been there at the start of what might become big. No ego’s present. The band and Tim drinking afterwards with the few crowd members remaining and happy to shake my hand and briefly chat, with no eyes-rolled-to-heaven kind of look. Humourless ? I don’t think so. No humour intended but he is just a really funny man. Lots of humour but none that overshadowed the music.
Rap began as a rhythmic, verbal means of self-expression in the 1970s and became a major part of popular culture beginning in the 1990s. Early artists like Grandmaster Flash offered political commentary about life in the ghetto, and like many peers, distanced himself from gang culture. Ironically, hip-hop’s largest audience has always been young white males living in suburbia, perhaps bored with their less exciting lifestyles.
By Judie Brown
Long-winded, I know, but this song is a tearjearker.
Alas, I am only 5'1"(...in the morning...) and have athletic runner's legs so this outfit would make me look like a tree stump with a cowboy hat. Not quite the look I go for... But here it is! A girl can dream
21. Indiana
and generally they never looked
Join AiA, the Association of Independent writers. They have an Authors Resource Guide with people who can help with every aspect of the process from A to W. Sorry, if you need something from X, Y or Z, it’s not there.
I floated the name to my group of literary friends. The graphic artist of the bunch drew up some curvy letters and we were hooked. I ordered the marine grade vinyl decals the next day, and my boat name was ready for application by the end of the week.
MomMom
First, a comedic gem from the short-lived Dana Carvey Show (which I don't even remember), featuring some guys you will probably recognize:
Let me start by saying that this is one of the few instances when I'm glad my mom doesn't speak/read a lick of English and thus not follow this blog. Heck, I don't think she even knows what a blog is. But I digress.
It’s easy, and wholly understandable, to laugh at this type of drivel. But it’s worth recalling Neal’s valued place within Duke. Indeed, the revelation of the “thugniggaintellectual” moniker came from Duke's public relations office itself; Duke Magazine published an interview with Neal in which he asserted that “my intellectual alter ego is thugniggaintellectual—one word . . .I wanted to embody this figure that comes into intellectual spaces like a thug, who literally is fearful and menacing. I wanted to use this idea of this intellectual persona to do some real kind of ‘gangster’ scholarship, if you will. All right, just hard, hard-core intellectual thuggery.”
Because January 7th is his mother's birthday.
I hate how catchy this song is and yet I love it all at the same time. The build up energizes me and yet, when it drops, I slightly cringe. I can’t decide if I really like it or whether its just my inner sixteen year old having a good ol’ raging dance p@rti.
Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teen, died after being shot by a community watch captain with white and Hispanic parents, George Zimmerman, in Florida.
3 Tablespoons salted butter
When I pressed Tanner on their reason for traveling this far north, he became evasive. He was pretty straightforward about being evasive … if that’s possible. They were on a specific mission. That much he confirmed. However, he stated simply that their mission was strictly on a need-to-know basis and we didn’t have a need to know.
I didn't think it was possible, but I may have found a quality in writing that is more elusive that voice - grounding. Those little details that make a story or a scene or a character real. My favorite example of this comes from C.S. Lewis' The Voyage of the Dawntreader:
Do you listen to any Contemporary Christian Music? Are you a fan? Who are some of your favorite artists? If you don't like Contemporary Christian Music, why not? Do you think that Christian artists are genuine in their missions or do you think they are just in it for the money and recognition?
What can I say? It was a teachable moment of sorts, and I punctuated it with the sinister/nebulous implied-threat tone to my voice that fathers everywhere learn in order to survive child-rearing. You fathers out there know the drill and you know the way one pitches one’s voice for that special effect. It requires physical equipment that women just don’t have. We can’t give birth, they can’t make that particular kind of ominous noise.
Elsewhere the statement says “Treasury Holdings has informed the Trustee-Manager that the issue of Treasury Asian Investments Limited (“TAIL”) has been raised by NAMA in the Irish Court Proceedings. The Trustee-Manager further wishes to clarify that (i) the history of the TAIL matter was disclosed in full in the Introductory Document issued in relation to TCT on May 21, 2010, and (ii) NAMA’s requirements of Treasury Holdings in relation to TAIL were agreed unequivocally by Treasury Holdings.”
YOU could be a WINNER!!!!
~ Judith Zukerman
Frank MacKay, the Independence Party chairman, went so far as to claim that not only didn't he know, but that he couldn't recall the name of the consultant who supposedly recommended he hire the firm. NYP January 30, 2010. Leaders of the city Independence Party -- which has been feuding with MacKay for years -- suggested the entire set-up might be "corrupt." On February 11, 2011 the NYP wrote DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft The DA filed court papers that described the party as a "noncriminal defendant" that helped political operative John Haggerty steal Bloomberg's campaign cash late in the 2009 mayoral race. According to court papers party VP Connolly and Haggerty also fabricated a written contract to make it appear the party had contracted with Haggerty to conduct the Election Day operation. . . Dennis Lemke, one of the party's lawyers, denied that the party knew of Haggerty's alleged million-dollar scam. He said the party was prepared to return any of the mayor's remaining funds -- but only to the mayor. A footnote in the indictment said party officials kept "a portion of the stolen funds." Campaign records show that Bloomberg wired $100,000 to the party's housekeeping account on March 12, 2009. Four days later, state party Chairman Frank MacKay received $60,000 from that account for unspecified "consulting" duties. Political insiders said the timing of the mayor's $100,000 donation indicates it was intended as a goodwill gesture, since he was negotiating at the time with MacKay's hated rivals in the city Independence Party, which controlled the Independence ballot line for mayor. Bloomberg ended up contributing $400,000 to the city Independence Party after securing the line * Indy Party chief in jam over wife loan The wife of the chairman of the state Independence Party solicited and received a $10,000 business loan from a candidate (Tabacco) who got the party's coveted endorsement days later. I implore the chair to explain to [party] members statewide if contracting with GRI is a prerequisite to the political-patronage machine called the New York State Independence Party," Tabacco said.* DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft(NYP) * Indy Party $till frozen(NYP) * The state Independence Party came under withering attack Tuesday from a judge who said it betrayed its members by poorly monitoring a $1.2 million donation from Mayor Bloomberg. "It doesn't smell right," Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Martin Shulman*Independence Party Accused of Failing to Monitor Funds - NYTimes The Manhattan district attorney’s office has also filed a civil suit against the party, accusing it of helping to cover up Mr. Haggerty’s scheme, a charge the party has denied. “Nothing here suggests anybody was watching the store,” the judge said. “I’m more interested in hearing why you believe you get a pass in terms of your chairman and your vice chairman not having a clue of where the $1.1 million went.”* SI DA Probe opened by Staten Island of Independence Party's $10G loan in exchange for City Council nod
The book, 'Just Imagine' is A4 format, 154 pages with a CD and illustrations.
If you were looking at a graph of my career as a writer, you'd see a nice steady upward climb, for the most part, since 1997. And then came 2010. What the hell happened in 2010? In my view, publishing collapsed.
and still stay true?
Whenever you are ready to join up with us, sign up on the Linky list or if you're not sure how to do that let one of us know and we'll add your blog to our list.
The oak shows as a wonderful spice note, well integrated, but could use a little time yet to lose its hard edge. Fine grain tannins and smoky oak really accentuate the spice and the seamless quality, coffee flavours starting to develop. A lovely wine, great with pasta, but I would love to try it in a few years too – 91/100 points.
While I’m doing quick and healthy cooking demos, it’s not uncommon for people to share their healthy eating stories. Recently, I was demonstrating at the Longmont Farmer’s Market and one of the shoppers shared this story of her disappointing experiment with quinoa.
In preparation of our ginormous chalkboard wall (yes, I know this is totally against what I said here and yes, I am still painting), I decided to add some magnetic paint on the lower part of the wall so that the kids could have somewhere to put fun magnets instead of the refrigerator. Here's a couple of my inspiration pieces.
Brian Quick: Greg Little
Feta Cheese Topped with
I'm dedicating this video of Mr. Bean to all students who are taking a break for Thanksgiving vacation, but who probably have some studying to do for exams that will await them when they return to campus. Take a break and enjoy the humorous side of the nervous endeavor of taking an exam and wondering if you studied the right thing!
First of all, I want to thank everyone for voting on my poll! There was a total of twenty-nine votes, with three for Kiefer Sutherland as David from The Lost Boys, three for Bela Lugosi as Dracula in the 1931 Dracula, two for Max Shreck as Count Orlock in Nosferatu, six for Christopher Lee as Dracula in the 1958 Dracula, four for Gary Oldman as Dracula in the 1992 Dracula, zero for Edward Cullen from the Twilight franchise, two for Angel from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, seven for Eric from True Blood, one for Lina Leandersson as Eli in Let the Right One In, and one for Brad Pitt as Louis de Pointe du Lac in Interview With the Vampire:The Vampire Chronicles.
place to start my day and to end each night. In my old studio, I surrounded
I just love their cute little coastal town. The race start was right down by the harbor, and though it was overcast when we arrived at 8 am, the sun quickly broke through.
The high cost of college education often serves as a deterrent for many, in getting a higher degree, especially when it comes to students from low income families. After all, the high costs, education loans and the resultant debt can scare anybody. Sometimes, a student fresh out of high school may feel that he is still not sure what he wants to do in his life so how can he decide which degree to opt for. Other reasons for deciding against going to college are finding oneself too ill equipped to handle the studies and pressures of college life, and when nobody from the family has ever had a higher education.
I only have one Christmas gift to make this year. It's for a friend who greatly admired a shawl I made last year, which ensured her a spot on the "people I'm willing to knit for" list. The gift shawl is not quite to the halfway point so there's enough pressure to keep me motivated but not quite so much that I am berating myself for not starting it sooner.
The emphasis in this approach is on retribution and punishment. Yet anyone who has had dealings with victims of the violence in Northern Ireland knows full well that most just want to know what happened to their loved ones. Who killed their father, brother, son, mother, sister, wife? Why did they do it, and did their loved one suffer?
-This above all: to thine own self be true,
"Running Wild" could have been recorded at any point from 1966 onwards, being pushed forwards by a stomping rhythm and simple riff, and sounds pretty great today. It's not a record of sophistication, but the whining guitar lines, lyrical concerns of "running wild and sleeping rough" and rock and roll journeymen tales do make it a bit of a primal beast, although never so uptempo that it doesn't have an agreeable dirty laziness to the rhythm as well. This was apparently something of a favourite on some club dancefloors at the time, although obviously that didn't seem to translate to record sales.
The random yelling on vent and everyone scrambling was worth it.
It sure was a busy one. Saturday was running errands and then some yard work. Yesterday I spent the day with my daughter and my son stopped with a wonderful card and gift.
Just as the Nagas of our Puranas are people and not actual snakes, I would think that the lizards, cats and kingfishers of their puranas, may have represented human tribes. Thus talking animals or lizards marrying cats should have no problems in being understood.
A big thank you if you have got to the end of this rather rambling first post (told you I need to practice my writing) and I hope you enjoy what is to come!
I really do want to do the right thing. I may try several ideas that aren’t quite right. Rather than getting all over my case about it, remind me that we’re doing this together. (Remember, I love being part of your team.) A little encouragement will go a long way. Not only will I feel better about myself, but my trust in you as a leader will grow, also.
the crisp morning air mingling
In the same shop I found this little packet of wood slices - they are about an inch and a half long and quite thin. I think that two of them may well find their way onto a couple of my book pages.
It's fun to think that some really impressive gardeny things that I've seen around could totally be ours one year with the help of Chris and mancrafts.
If there are creditors who are always calling your phone to collect a debt, then it will leave u feeling frustrated. If you file for any of these chapters, you will be able to find a way to settle this debts. These are some Texas and Bankruptcy information that you must know before you file. It is important that you seek a lawyer if you are planning to file this.
At the end of the trip, my oldest slams the back doors of our big purple van and says, "I don't know if they're exactly how you would put them. But they're in."
Do not take public transport. I repeat. Do not take public transport. Because you will have the hardest time of your life if you had taken public transport in the city without mastering the streets of Yangon nor you know the language very well.
1. Why didn't I write a romantic comedy that would become a Hollywood movie?
If you only knew one thing about a woman and had to guess her income, education level would be a good place to start. But when it comes to personal advice — to understanding our own lives — we know so much more than that. Only then — for example, after we have narrowed down the pool to college-educated, professional suburbanites between 40 and 50 years old — do the studies about women’s negotiating ability, shoe style, and so on, make a big difference. Marginal things matter, but for most people they’re not the causal story. Put another way, they matter more for populations than they do for individual readers.
Yes Yes, I sed it :)
to sink, it's hoped, in the earth,
17. Fat man
But I'm coming to realize that I can do something about when those feelings arise and not let them spoil what could be a beautiful or fun moment with my son.
It would appear a lot of people received bath salts from Dead Sea Magik.
But publishing my own novel has reminded me how our stories become a reader's most private moments. My prose becomes the voice whispering beside their own thoughts in their alone-time on the train, or the drowsy pre-dream period last thing at night. With that in mind, how could I not be true to my material? Obviously I'll take advice on what isn't working, but I won't change anything for markets and fashions. Our books outlast those anyway.
Follow, follow me!
Exhibit-goers will be able to record their own memories of the Dodgers and Ebbets at the “Post Game Wrap Up,” where an iMac will film their testimonies.
Because we only had about six hours in the Bahamas, we decided not to spend any real money on an excursion. We followed the crowds along the main street and set our sights on the free beach, Junkanoo Beach.
However you might have told the story to yourself while reading it, I don’t understand how you can have this reaction to encountering an entirely irrelevant racial disparity, and believe that it’s an acceptable reaction to have.
Another title frequently used by nonlawyers in the U.S. that can mislead foreign nationals is ”immigration consultant” or similar such term.
Happy Presidents’ Day!
Pen
While it certainly wasn’t the primary goal of the race, many were hoping a Formula 1 Grand Prix, would help start the healing process in Bahrain. On the back of political and social unrest for more than a year, Formula 1′s presence was a controversial one.
Although Dr. Treves lost touch with Mr. Merrick after their initial meeting, another circumstance of chance ultimately reunited them, this time preempting any other separation until the end of Mr. Merrick's life four years later at the age of twenty-seven. In was during these last years that Dr. Treves saw to it that Mr. Merrick, a man discovered to be of high intellect, manners, and sensitivity, enjoyed a secluded, comfortable, and dignified life in a quiet suite of rooms at the hospital. His wishes, however simple or fanciful, were indulged, and acknowledged with a sincere and moving gratitude which is an enduring lesson in humanity for all the ages.
Wednesdays = Zumba
For the 2009-2010 school year, just over 80% of students enrolled at my daughter's elementary school were eligible for free/reduced breakfast and lunch. Of that number I am unsure just how many participate, but the Breakfast in the Classroom link states nationally less than half of those eligible for free breakfasts (doesn't specify lunch numbers) currently take advantage.
This is not a one-time event it is a universal experience that when we travel through life some events and relationships that we engage in will go sour and others will fall away or become conflicted. I personally find that I grow faster if I stop associating disappointing times with bad luck, or negativity. If I genuinely look at these times I can see how I should have been clearer from the start with this person or not taken on a job that I knew was going to end in a loss. I can also be kinder with myself knowing that I grow when I take risks, make mistakes and I can try to see breakdowns as a way of breaking through and becoming clearer about my true intent and desires. My preconceived ideas that the world should always work for me is a sweet idea, but not exactly good for my growth. It would get boring to never have my dependence on safety, desire to be liked, and want to have everything in my life run smoothly to be challenged. I don’t like chaos but I do like getting clearer even if it hurts a little.
A total of about 1,500 Hispanic students receive special instruction under the terms of the decree.
as an Ex-Hippie, sort of, minus the protesting & flowers…
TwitterHi, jesse presley. You have a new direct message: elizaapresley: jesse, pleas…
A place like this stands in sharp contrast to the city gardens I've been stomping around the last few years. At the BBG the other day I watched a security gaurd yell at a woman who was settling down in the grass amidst the lilac grove. NO LYING ON THE GRASS!! Of course it makes sense, thousands of people have to be able to enjoy the gardens on any given day, rules alleviate the stresses of so much traffic.
The pictured set above (GC-011 Spellbinders Grand Calibur Junior Replacement Plates Full Set) includes the Junior sized A-Base Plate, B-Embossing Plate, C-Cutting Plate, and Junior Rubber Mat (this product contains Natural Rubbe Latex/NRL) - everything you need to cut and emboss Spellbinders die templates. These mats are designed to be flipped over and used on both sides. As with all manual die cut machines, cutting mats are consumable products and need to be replaced with use. Approx. Size: 8½ x 6″
Dr. Cox: That laughing had better not be aimed in my direction, bro.
A Proverbs 31 woman knits, crochets, and cross-stitches. She decorates like Martha Stewart and actually succeeds in her Pinterest crafts.
No - the unbearable heat has turned out to be too much for my fragile flowers, who will surely wilt in the sun.
At the station, Vega tells Britten he has a lead on a case. However, when they go to meet Vega's lead, the supposed pawn shop is a vacant storefront. When Vega admits the lead offered to help him for $100, Britten tells him he's been scammed. "If you have to buy it, it may be information. If they try and sell it to you, it's always BS." Britten adds, "Think of it as a rookie tax."
20 front squats (95#/65#)
After getting home we have experienced rain, rain, and more rain. Perhaps we came home a little too soon? But, alas, we had to come home when we did because Dave had to host a football officials board meeting at our house. I see that our lilac bushes are budding, so spring weather can't be too far off. In the meantime, we'll enjoy any short respite from the rain!
Under the Smoky Mountain pile of the past
her Anniversary she is giving away a HUGE BOX of scrappy goodness!! So what is
So you head over to Geocaching website and set your account up.... you look the the maps of where you want to go for a walk and see what caches are located in the vicinity and you input the co-ordinates to your GPS enabled device (I use my mobile phone).
I touched the white page of my journal, now covered with my writing. Then slowly I pulled from top to bottom. The paper made a sharp sound as it separated from the journal. All that was left were a few fragments of white paper where my mistake had once been. The picture couldn’t have been clearer.
We do not deny the aid rendered by prominent professional persons—as a matter of fact, we are grateful for their excellent assistance. Our Editorial Advisory Board consists of such outstanding educators as Dr. Lauretta Bender, Associate Professor of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, New York University; Miss Josette Frank, Consultant on Children's Reading, Child Study Association of America; Dr. C. Bowie Millican, Department of English Literature, New York University; Dr. W. W. D. Sones, Professor of Education and Director of Curriculum Study, University of Pittsburgh; and Dr. S. Harcourt Peppard, formerly Acting Director, Bureau of Child Guidance, Board of Education, City of New York, and now Director, Essex County (New Jersey) Juvenile Clinic.
Alexandria, La – The Alexandria/Pineville Area Convention & Visitors Bureau will host a Tourism Awareness Luncheon on Thursday, May 10, 2012, at the Alexandria Riverfront Center in downtown Alexandria.
We have three copies to give away to the first three people to answer this question:
Sodium: 337 mg
Match 4: Alex Shelley & Chris Sabin defeated Hernandez & Anarquia
A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Duke's eye.
10. Lift off the foil and baking beans and trim off the pastry around the rim. Put the flan, uncovered in the oven for five more minutes.
My recommendations: Again, like many of the glosses I featured in Glosswatch, I would like to see how this gloss works in other colors. (I'm particularly interested in the peachy Guavagold, red-gold Fireberry, and punchy-red Juicy Apple.) I'm definitely purchasing a new tube of this to replace the one I have right now, though, just for the staying power and the SPF. And definitely, definitely wearing this with mascara and eyeliner.
4 Intro Piece
Finally, two months later, redemption came. A friend paid for me to come stay with him, understanding that I had nothing I could do, that I was in a very bad place, and he didn't want to see me die. I stopped cutting, and I left a note for my mother on the computer the night I left. (I did not tell them I was leaving. I literally packed, and walked out at 2 AM into my new life.)
This is where it gets interesting (and hideous).
Last night was the easiest yet so I am hopeful we can get into that routine - they are probably just teasing me though and getting my hopes up. If we could keep going like last night it would be a definite improvement over what we had been fighting. I am laying on the floor beside the bed while he goes to sleep but since I am on the floor and not getting out of his bed I can get out once he goes to sleep easily and so far he has fallen right to sleep. I think some of that is what is bothering Callie though. She loves the bunk beds though and is happy as could be with them. She said they were even cooler than she thought they would be.
Oh how to my heart you endear.
The game is fun and I have my grandmother looking over me, putting high scoring words in my head. However, I still don't understand how this person got kicked off a plane because he was so into a game.
To straighten up the mess
There is no need for Malaysians to push the country to be a republic. “PR is still a Malay-dominated party. They would never turn Malaysia into a republic. We have Chinese and Indians in BN. They are in PR as well. As Malaysians they would not subscribe to this scheme,” said a political science lecturer in a local university in Selangor.
Maybe, the PM thinks he can listen to Idris later, which only means he has to call the polls sooner rather than later because, he may reckon, that after winning the polls he can raise the revenue that would finance his current munificence.
Not only that, but the meters only accept £1 coins (they do not take notes or cards).
Who’s your favorite video game villain?
What a wonderful few days!
Ya gotta dig that!
- In California, USA, in 1986, Judge Samuel King became so annoyed that jurors were absent from his court because of heavy rain that he issued a decree which stated "I hereby order that it cease raining by Tuesday."
It brings tears to my eyes, sometimes, when I see how much you’ve grown in how short a time. In a week you’ll be nine months old. You’ll have spent as much time outside of me as you did inside. It almost hurts for me to realize that because it means you’ve been everyone else’s for almost as long as you were just mine. I whined a lot when I was pregnant about how uncomfortable it was and how tired I felt, but the truth of it is that I miss that time we had to be just mommy and baby. Just us in our own little cocoon. Sharing everything. Drawing strength from the same food and having the same blood flow through our veins. It was so special to me.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t probably going to have at least one more glass of this, since it may be part of the Mellow Mushroom’s Beer Club 75 required beers. Yeah, I’ll get around to joining that at some point.
So woe be it to any kindly delivery man or neighbor should they lovingly ring the door bell when my son accidentally nods off for a nano second. I'm fairly certain my local flower delivery man checked to see if I was on the FBI's most wanted list after the not so happy reception he got when he attempted to play Chop Sticks on my door bell last week. To make it worse he didn't even have the right door! I think he should have given me the two dozen roses as an apology, but perhaps he was to scared to offer them to me.
The evidence shows that changes in tax rates that fall within the ranges that policymakers are debating have little impact on high-income individuals’ decisions regarding how much to work. As Leonard Burman, former head of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center (TPC), recently testified, “Overall, evidence suggests [high-income Americans’] labor supply is insensitive to tax rates.”[2] A marginal rate increase may encourage some taxpayers to work less because the after-tax return to work declines, but some will choose to work more, to maintain a level of after-tax income similar to what they had before the tax increase. The evidence suggests that these two opposing responses largely cancel each other out.
The hustings began with opening statements, during which the candidates made clear that they felt that the 30 year Labour stranglehold on Glasgow councils had to come to an end. Change was the word of the day, with even the Labour candidate acknowledging that it’s time for new blood, pointing out that both herself and the other Labour candidate running had never held a position before. That rang a little hollow though.
He had only the most basic of training in gun handling but did do some draws and some dry fire a couple times a week and live fired maybe once a month. That basic skill combined with knowing what to do was enough. He shot at the first possible moment despite having let the guys get the drop on them. When the gunman turned his head because a car drove by that was the opening. A split second is a long time sometimes.
If you would like to read more about my process and day to day life then pop in and say hello on my blog. I'd love to hear from you. Check out Emma's blog HERE.
Tithing was a legal requirement of the law. It was the giving of a tenth. The Pharisee was not satisfied with only a tenth. He gave a tenth of his income but also of all that he possessed. He was re-tithing. He was probably seeking commendation from God for his religious fervour.
Aurora is considered by many to be a step back, and I can understand why that would be. But there are things to be taken into account. Briar Rose was raised in the woods. The only people with whom she had ever interacted were three fairies who were not what anyone would call intelligent. She was put under a curse that was supposed to kill her. So, yes, she was saved by a man. But not some random prince who stumbled upon the palace, as the Grimm story says, but a man with whom Aurora had flirted (were either of the previous princesses so forward in their flirtations? Not that I noticed) and with whom she had decided to pursue a relationship. Prince Phillip is the first prince to have a name (and even a personality!) Philip is witty, headstrong, and brave. He has a quick temper, but is also quick to laugh. Aurora falls in love with Philip, the man she met in the forest, not with a prince who will save her from her life of servitude.
Yeah, right. Something happens to me when I get near someone who is even somewhat famous or when I have a camera pointed at me. It happened when I met Rusty Wallace many years ago. It happened when I went skydiving and was video taped before and after the jump. And, it happened when I got to the table where Ree was. My brain shuts down, my tongue sticks to the roof of my mouth and I face the camera, and the person I am meeting, like a deer caught in headlights! I was cool as a cucumber right up to the time the store employee took my camera from me, and another took my book. I was lightly moved toward the table where Ree sat. She looked up at me, smiled brightly and said "Hi Susan!" (Our names were printed on postie notes and stuck into the books so Ree would know who to make the autograph out to). I stepped up to the table, knelt down on one knee as I babbled about how great it was to finally meet her. The employee with my camera spoke to us and we looked toward her while she snapped a photo. I proceeded to babble something about how happy my hubby was that I cooked her recipes. "Oh, which one does he like the best?", she asked. Ahhh, Ranch Chicken I mumbled. She laughed and said "Bacon and cheese makes everything better!" I think I said something like yes, it sure does, and then I was being handed my camera and book and Ree said "Thank you for coming by" and I said again it was great meeting her and walked off. And, as I walked off, my tongue loosened up and my brain began to function again and I started kicking and laughing at myself for becoming so flustered by the meeting. I was telling my daughter about it today, and her and her hubby shared that they have both done exactly the same thing, recently, when meeting some members from a band they love. We all had a good laugh over our foolishness. :)
Carly’s tending to Gibby after he was assaulted by a bag of food.
Needless to say, with all that driving around, our daughters needed enter-tainment. They would often ask us to tell them stories. Well, Frank -- a native of voodoo-rich New Orleans and an enthusiastic fan of horror movies -- always, ALWAYS began his stories with something along the lines of "Once there was a flesh-eating zombie...." The girls would laugh and protest and insist on a zombie-free story.
First, I'd like to offer up the idea that while writers are influenced by their environment and by their own upbringing, the parents of unknown teens are a highly unlikely shaping mechanisms to their stories. Most of us write with only the vaguest audience in mind; many of us write for our various past selves. We're not thinking of anyone's parents, nor do I believe that teens shy away from reading about faith -- unless it's telling them how to have it, what type they should have, or creating it as an Issue in a preachy, moralizing way. Adults don't even want to read that, much less teens who have thousands of other options for their entertainment. Second, I'd like to suggest that perhaps agents and editors, seeing the big-picture marketing-wise, may offer guidance to their authors, but they can hardly, as a group, be characterized as afraid to represent and promote fiction containing religious content. Caution in many ways is justified, as we live in an increasingly polarized society in terms of faith - there are those who really do feel that because of theirs, and their moral stance, that they have the truth of things, and know what's best for everyone in society. It's obviously not always easy to maneuver through the submerged tensions on the topic of faith in fiction, but writers who write best are both reflecting their worlds, and opening a window on the world to others.
(Which is probably never. It will most likely end up on my list of “Things Which I Intend To Do, But Probably Will Never Get Around To Doing.)
Comment #566 - Belinda McNabb (confirmed)
In a couple of weeks, (they) will travel . A Music Tour", in California, in Washington, in Oregon.
If you read this piece as a romanticized recollection and a paean to a idealized world, then you can enjoy it for the prose and the peace it evokes, even though you may know that behind the beautiful perfection of the tobacco fields lies the horrible truth of the deaths that tobacco has cause and that behind the freedom the boy feels lies the drudgery of farm life. But you cannot question the “meaning” of this piece, for Berry is very explicit about what he means here, as well he should in an essay. The success of an essay depends on how well the author achieves his or her intention; the success of a story depends more on narrative exceeding mere intention or didactic purpose.
So here’s a touchy subject: we know that many people in prison have mental health problems. Some of these are addictions which led to the need for acquisitive offending in the first place, but whilst addictions are ‘counted’ as mental disorders, they are not always disorders that require inpatient mental health care. Other prisoners have psychotic conditions and campaigners have argued that more of the psychotic prisoners need to be move across from prison to health. No argument about that here.
They so enjoyed fluid mechanics that the following week one of the boys brought in a hydraulics kit that they spent the class exploring. Something about boys and water...
have named their favorite paddle or strap. I just bought a tawse and I think I may give it a name.
Be democratic.
risk is full: every living thing in
Kyle from Just a Bit Outside or JABO is doing his 5th Box Break. Kyle is busting 4 boxes from the mid 2000s decade. 2003 Bazooka, 2003 Flair, 2005 Topps Chrome Series 2, and 2008 SP Authentic. I think there are 13 guaranteed hits plus some great inserts in the Bazooka set. There are a few teams left including the Brewers and Blue Jays for $5 per team with a small shipping charge. I missed out on the first 3, but I got a big hit (but not the biggest) in his 4th so I definitely wanted in on this one.
I’m so over this bullshit already – a part of me keeps thinking I should’ve chained myself to a mortgage a couple of years ago when I was thinking about it.
In nearby England, a blameless captive of the French prison The Bastille, Dr. Alexander Manette is released, but his ransom price is heavy- his mind is all but broken. Only with the loving and constant nursing of his daughter Lucie and the help of an old banker is he able to recover. Meanwhile, Charles Darnay, a young immigrant from France, is put on trial for a crime that he did not commit. Proven innocent by a man (who looks curiously alike him, but could be no more different,) named Sydney Carton, he is freed to live another day.
A day or two passed and the boys asked if not once, a dozen times if I thought they would ever hear from Peg. One boy even said to the other, "Why would a famous author talk to us?"
Colour Symbolism:
I’m all for artists making comebacks and being relevant again, but not at this cost. Lil’ Wayne and the Young Money camp are vastly different than the older hip hop acts that Durst is accustomed to working with. To me it sounds like a desperate attempt by Durst to gain some fame back and money grab, not music ploy, from the New Orleans based label to see if Durst can still pull that cross over audience. I’m a big hip-hop and rap fan, but this move really bugs me. I used to be a Limp Bizkit fan when I was younger but I was glad that their time passed. If I wanted to relive the late 90′s I’ll Vh1 Classic and not the new Fred Durst video.
The phrase ‘The Guard’, by the way, is used as in someone who is a member of the Irish police force, the Garda
Cook till the drumstick pieces are dry.Check the salt
What would you add to the list? Share your suggestions in the comment box below.
My neighborhood is a common training ground for serious, professional cyclists, as it's quite steep. They whiz past me in their tight little neon-green outfits and aerodynamic sunglasses and raise their pointer fingers approximately one centimeter in greeting, while I huff and puff and slog my head over toward them and grunt, "Hi," sounding like Marge Simpson's sister Selma, between sniffs and groans.
I think the storm (I hear they are called a microburst) lasted probably less than a minute but it felt like SO much longer. When it was all over everyone was safe but our camp was decimated. All of my stuff survived but only because we were on the side more sheltered by the trees, my siblings were not so lucky. Three tents were literally torn to shreds and their poles bent beyond repair. Everything we owned had sand in it. Even my camera which had been in my tent, in it's case, was full of sand. My sister's family spent the night in their van as nearly everything they brought was destroyed. The next day we packed up and left.
I have been wanting to try this top on for a while now and was happy to see the purple motif hanging in my store (it's been sold out online since like a week after it debuted). I grabbed an X-Small and Small in both colors and in the end decided the Small was the better fit. The X-Small was a little too fitted through the ribs and waist...just not quite as flattering. I really loved both colors, but I think I would go for the purple if I could find it by the time is hits sale. I envision this being so cute with my Peppering Skirt and Poetic License purple and blue heels. The one thing I don't love about this top is that the material is a little stiff. It doesn't flow as easily as I would hope and because of that, fits a little odd in the bust area. It even pulls a bit when clearly, there is no reason there should be any pulling action going on. Again, not super blessed on my top half. It's not a deal breaker for me though, and I would love to score this on sale. Hoping there are some purples still around by then!
So, welcome, to another edition of VOTW: Victory of the week!
Execute- act-
-kb swings (about 18-20 lbs. I think..)
Day 4: I receive a tidy rejection email. It doesn’t hurt as much as I thought it would, just a little sting like a shot in the arm. The quick turn-around time is more surprising. Was it so bad they didn’t need to spend much time on it or it was so good they wanted to get back to me right away out of respect? I pretend not knowing the answer to this question.
Fuck you. I am gnomercyforoldmen, some might call me The Village Idiot, but you may call me Sir. It isn’t like I can just tell you what I do for Mr. Sharp, I have to show you. Except then Mr. Sharp, who is devilishly handsome and good natured, might get jealous. Let’s just say that what I do for Mr. Sharp is provide him with a deeply penetrating knowledge of certain thrusts and flourishes that only a man of my certain expertise can offer. When I am not making an ass out of Mr. Sharp, I am making an ass out of myself by ranting and raving about other people’s inadequacies. When I am not bitching, I play games, read and pretend to learn new things. What the fuck ever…
- Pamela G.
We also had some pretty deep conversations. She was hurt with how news of my divorce went down. I was upset with her for lack of support and for acting like a victim. There is still some tension there, but we fixed things a little bit last night. This has been sitting for two years, so it was good to talk in person.
Relativity’s success is owed in part to its relationship with others, both as a partnership matter and in technical terms. There is already integration between Equivio and Relativity with the Equivio Tab in Relativity which brings e-mail threads and near-duplicate handling into Relativity. Reed Smith has already been using Relativity as a hosted platform and can continue to develop its workflows now that it has a more permanent stake in it.
Well Alex, first you gotta understand that kissing is a lot like eating an extremely delicate fruit. Now I’m gonna go through the steps of becoming a fantastical kisser. Step 1, brush your teeth. If you brush your teeth with dog (bad word), you’ll probably have a hard time getting anyone to kiss you. Second step will be gum. The more minty the flavour, the more likely your date won’t throw up in your mouth. Third step to being an excellent kisser is stay away from onions and garlic. There’s nothing worse than moving in for the kiss and getting the hint of death on the other person’s lips.
Baskin writes of Balentine:
But (why is there always a but?) the well-known 99 maximum weeks will soon be a thing of the past.
Also, it’s pretty much the only time in my life where I’m asked by almost everyone I see how I’m feeling. I definitely need to be careful about this ego boost – I don’t want to get into a Duggar situation just because people seem to like me more when I’m pregnant. I don’t think my husband’s heart could take it. Speaking of which, it is absolutely hilarious to have hubby speak to my stomach; this is mostly because he chooses his words very carefully so as to shape the baby’s mind in a certain way. For example, he spent half of the Super Bowl shouting at my stomach “Tom Brady sucks!” The indoctrination must start early. On the bright side, we shouldn’t have any problems with the baby sleeping because hubby has a lot of theories and knowledge to impart to his offspring.
Takes stunning pictures
"I'm sickened by how (these organisations) are harassing me.''
The nineteenth century dislike of romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass.
Not just in Russia is this word used in the context of marriage. Many cultures use this word to describe a happy marriage which just for the record bothered me within 2.2 seconds of the new year beginning when I first began researching what BLISS meant. After all, I'm divorced and don't think I have ever experienced BLISS in any relationship I've ever had. But, as my daughter continues to tell me daily, when it's time MOTHER, when it's time.
I didn’t end up getting back until 4 AM, to discover…..my roommate still awake. What the actual hell? How late do I have to stay out in order for her to be in bed before I am? Every single time I stay out she still is up later than I am, by at least half an hour. I don’t understand. Anyway, since she was up, I was as loud as I wanted and even took the time to call my mom and talk loudly.
An odd first choice, I know. While mainly a game focused around combat, this sequel upped the ante on both puzzles and platforming, and the standout sequence where you chased after messenger God Hermes managed to be both exhilarating, challenging, and rewarding without ever overwhelming to the player. How does it manage this? For one thing, unlike the previous games, there are two primary buttons used for platforming. The X button both jumps and glides, and the R1 button cause Kratos to swing and slide down walls. When compared to games that only use one button for platforming, it’s shocking how much more of an impact this has on how the player perceives their actions, as alternating between buttons FEELS significantly more impactful and challenging despite the controls being relatively simple. Apart from controls, the design of this sequence uses two important elements. The first is that you are chasing someone, so already there is a sense of urgency to the platforming that you don’t have in most of the game. Secondly, many sections you are navigating across are dangerous—not only must you chase Hermes, but you must scale a rapidly burning bridge, jump across treacherous falling platforms, and dodge debris collapsing around the area. It’s bombastic enough to be exciting but never overwhelming, challenging without being frustrating. Lastly, it combines all the skills you’ve learned up until this point in the game. They key in that sentence? Skills! It’s next to impossible to design a sequence this memorable when you give the player almost no input on their actions. This section allows a sense of satisfaction that other, less skill-based platformers fail to achieve, while still keeping in line with the rest of the title’s twitch-action gameplay.
Yea! Theres no resolution
One night as I put my head on my pillow I heard a roar as something tried to enter my body. I cried out, “Jesus help me!” The attack stopped and I lay there for a few minutes paralyzed by what had happened. I called Pastor Fred and we prayed on the phone and afterward I went to sleep.
III
Next year I hope to make some fabric boxes that break down flat because not having something hard does make the stacking of gifts not so neat. Sunshine's first Christmas I ran out of fabric so we just stuffed things unwrapped with just ribbon and a label. The kids were just as excited. We also plan on making next year an entirely handmade Christmas for our extended family too. We'll be alerting them to it and I'm going to share with my MIL stuff I'm making for my nieces and nephews.
Be.
We had just stopped. I knew it was a ploy. Evil had entered my car and was taking control of my daughter.
Malchus remembered the first time he had seen Mary. He had been playing in the streets when Mary, about 20, had helped him find his ball, which had rolled underneath a tanner’s booth.
Answer: According to tradition, they have two functions. Elijah will speak to the Jews. It says in the Gospel that they asked Jesus if Elijah had come yet. Some said that John the Baptist was Elijah, who was supposed to come to reconcile the fathers to the children. And Jesus said that he had come in a certain sense, i.e. in a spiritual sense. Most people, however, would not accept this. Therefore, the real Elijah comes at the end of time to reconcile the fathers (the Jews) to the sons (the Gentiles). And Enoch will speak to the rest of the people. In other words, it will be quite clear at that time that Antichrist has come and that there are the two prophets telling that this is Antichrist.
UKIP ‘front-line‘ spokeman Christopher Monckton has called on the far-right British Freedom Party to “come back and join” UKIP, in a video interview.
Penang Barisan Nasional deputy chairman Zainal Abidin Osman condemned the state government’s ‘Program Anak Emas Pulau Pinang’ as it is clearly politically motivated.
Professor Alderman wrote a fascinating article in The Times on 18th June A grotesque bidding game is undermining university standards” – confronting the issue of degree inflation, the pressure on lecturers to mark examinations leniently and the issue of plagiarism.
Prairie View DE/OLB in an interesting prospect who absolutely dominated the Southwestern Athletic Conference this past season, accounting for a record-breaking 20.5 sacks, breaking the record formerly set by Robert Mathis, who has now went on to become a pro bowl player with the Indianapolis Colts. The thing that is most intriguing about Hamilton is that before enrolling at Prairie View A&M he was a highly coveted high school prospect coming out of well-known Dallas Carter High School, where he played alongside 49er’s WR Michael Crabtree. After initially enrolling at Oklahoma State out of high school, Hamilton was asked to grey shirt on account of the coaching staff handing out too many of their allotted 25 scholarships. Forced to make a decision, Hamilton chose to move on from Oklahoma State and walk on at Texas Tech to play alongside his former high school teammate Michael Crabtree, and under then head coach Mike Leach.
Now Boehner is complaining about President Obama spending his time campaigning instead of running the country. Boehner needs a mirror.
Hmmmm....sounds like a perfect Valentine's Day gift, right?
Just a side note -- I made this again a day later and threw in two eggs. Delicious! It was definitely an awesome breakfast with the added eggs. I feel full and happy :0)
Half-time chitchat continued: “American commentators (I suppose I should include myself here) sometimes use ‘unreal’ to describe a performance almost unbelievable in its quality,” yeehaas Christoper Burke. “I’m not sure if the word is employed the same way across the pond. Perhaps that’s the origin of Cech’s “surr eal” match. I’m in favor of using artistic movements to describe sporting performances. I thought Barca’s effort in the second leg was a bit Rococo myself. And Chelsea’s had shades of Dadaism, since some accused them of playing anti-football.”
During the 2004/05 financial year about 6,000 protests were officially recorded, an unknown number of protests went unrecorded, and about 1,000 protests were illegally banned. This meant that at least 15 protests were taking place each day in South Africa at this time. However the number of protests has escalated dramatically since then and Business Day reports that "2009 and 2010 together account for about two-thirds of all protests since 2004" There was a dramatic surge in protests shortly after Jacob Zuma first took office and the number of protests was ten times higher in 2009 than in 2004 and even higher in 2010. The number of protests reached an all time high in 2010/2011 and can therefore be said to be escalating. -- (Source: Wikipedia)
Next was a trip to Grand Rapids to visit my adopted family, Jeff, Catrina, Amelia, and Justine. They were, as usual, wonderfully hospitable. I forced them to go to a bike race to watch the famous Breezer in a race. They even pretended to enjoy it. The real tell will be when they start riding their bikes. Then I’ll know they enjoyed it...
Judith Ann Spann d/o John Spann & ? Parks
The more I think about it, the more I realize how beautiful this gift of sudden unemployment is. In some way, I have been hoping for this for years. But for it to have come earlier would not have been ideal. The reason it is so wonderful is the timing. I needed this precisely at this time. It is this kind of realization that makes me feel that God truly is, quietly, subtly, in my corner.
Several maps available online vividly dramatize the controversy. The Cougar Network, a nonprofit research organization, charts verifiable sightings based on a set of rigorous scientific criteria. It requires corroboration by independent experts and tangible physical evidence. Its map shows only a scattering of sightings since 1990 in the eastern two-thirds of the country with the majority concentrated in the Prairie States and Midwest. The site states that the cougar appears to be repopulating part of the prairie and possibly some parts of the Midwestern and Southeastern states.
In the above citation Jesus claims to be present with all the true believers in the same sense and to the same degree that the Father is! And:
Bro turns on his stool and looks into the face of a young black man. He has on a White Sox baseball cap twisted to one side. He’s certain that he’s never seen this man before.
Departing tomorrow at 3am, Saturday October 15, seven men from the New Horizons ABF will gather to pray and to say farewells. The team will travel to the other side of the world--to the Central African Republic (CAR). These seven men leave Wooster Grace to share God's love in a real way.
*1 Blog post a week on your personal blog (using 1 of the cards you made for your monthly quota)
If you want to mate and successfully raise your young, it pays to be big. At least among gorillas.
-”Do you love him.” her sister asked her .
Perhaps she is attempting to mold him into something “properly orcish” rather than any attempt to get him to embrace “what he truly is.” To her, that is “Go’el.” A Mag’har orc of the traditional style. if so, does she love what Thrall is, right now, or does she love an idea of what she’d like him to be? Who is she to say what he truly is? Nothing is written anywhere. There is no decree by his people or his parents that he must not be Warchief and instead be a shaman, or that he must be this Go’el and not Thrall.
Serenity loved getting the chance to walk around outside...not sure how interested she was in the animals. She did see some of them, like the giraffes, meerkats and sun bears, but overall, she was just happy to spend time outside!
Dear Trademark Applicant /Opponent:
and the latter about shaping
What’s more, the Bridgewater Community Association evicted her tenant, changed the locks and moved in its own renter.
Well it’s March and mommy has been super busy with school and me! Finally she decided to update my blog! So here is what I’ve been up to lately!
Father, as we continue with your Son on his way to the cross, cleanse the depths of our hearts, so that we rejoice at what makes you glad, and weep for what saddens you. Unite us ever more closely with the merciful heart of your Son, who gave himself for us sinners, and is alive and reigning with you and the Holy Spirit, God for ever and ever. Amen.
Chase and I have been running around putting things away this morning when I passed by my craft room and much to my amazement, it actually looks.... normal. Especially the closet! I got super lucky and have a large walk in closet - perfect for all my stuff! I'll be changing out some of the wire baskets for closed boxes and I still need to thin out my paper collection but I'll get there. Probably not this week but sometime soon I hope! I've also decided I'm in desperate need of a sewing table!
I think that covers the background, from my point of view, for the critique of and exchange with Lawrence Auster that motivates this post. What follows in some places requires more detailed understanding of Auster’s positions and terminology. Sorry about that. Most readers who have gotten this far probably know it anyway. I believe this issue is critical. If even those who oppose PC do not think we should be free to speak of any and all topics, from any and all sources, even when threatened with extinction, then what hope do we have?
What kind of poetry do you write? I am most comfortable writing in free verse, and have a natural tendency to write condensed, short, abbreviated, concise poems, that are also fragmented and sometimes ambiguous. Nature frequently features, and I hope to be non-sentimental and use fresh language. It’s a goal I rarely obtain, but still I try. I also tend to write memoir-esque or confessional poems, but get bored with my own stories. I don’t tend to write formal verse, but would like to be able to write a decent sonnet. I think a good haiku is all one really needs in life, but love to read serial poems, or narrative poetry. And I love prose poems. Some of my favorite works I have read in the last few years have been long poems, such as Shannon: A Poem of the Lewis and Clark Expedition by Campbell McGrath or Lisa Olstein’s Lost Alphabet, a collection of prose poems that read like a strange and wonderful narrative.
Lots of jankers, son.
So we see that the Danish government was complicit in this shameful commercial capitulation. Denmark’s government, it seems, is not monolithic. The American analogy might be the State Department versus the Defense Department — one agency ready to surrender obsequiously to any demand, the other standing firm on behalf of American interests.
We ask that you have 3 images you are ready to apply with. Each must be no wider than 1000 pixels or no more than 700 pixels in height. Resolution must be 72 dpi. Our only suggestion is to choose three images that show some consistency while staying true to the type of work you are most interested in. At this point, the work will not be chosen based on theme or style. Whether you consider yourself a journalist, a collage artist or whatever, it just doesn’t matter.
Wrapped in sleep and warmth
Yes, we're getting guns. Simply put, I have one kid who wants to shoot targets, and another who wants to hunt. In some ways, we're preparing for the inevitable zombie apocalypse and need to be able to practice our double tap. In others, we're wondering what happens if the country declares bankruptcy, I lose my job, and we have to eat squirrels and rabbits and such. And yet another reason - if you've ever fired a weapon on a range at a target, you know how challenging and fun it can be. So, we're getting guns.
president and thereby to lay the curse of racism to rest?
Caye Caulker is a small island near a 185 mile barrier reef in the Caribbean. The island takes about 30 minutes to explore by foot and is home to a lively group of island locals, spicy flavors, and plenty of golf carts. There are no cars on the island so the people travel around only by golf cart or bike. We found a cute second story hotel room that resembled a tree house with its wooden exterior and palm frond roof, had a comfortable hammock on our deck, and a view of the ocean. The beaches here don’t make for the best swimming because the water close to shore has lots of sea grass, so we spent lots of time at “The Split”. The island separated into two over time and left a 75 foot gap. They have now put a sandy beach, bar, and restaurant there for people to enjoy while swimming. It was a great spot because the water was clear, warm, and deep. Any time we were feeling hot we would walk the five minutes to “The Split”, and dive right in.
ASG
That may be so, nevertheless it would be interesting to know how many white South Africans presently are leaving the country on one-way tickets. And it would be interesting, also, to know how many white South Africans — in the current climate of violent crime and relentless vilification of whites by black ANC politicians — have given up hope that there could ever be a secure future in this land for themselves and their children and who now are making arrangements to pack up and go.
car stereo with bluetooth Bluetooth Screenless Hands-Free System; No Need For A Screen-System Offers A Voice Menu For Accessing Its Functions; Blends In Seamlessly Inside Any Vehicle; Automatic Phonebook Synchronization; Training-Free Multi-Speaker Voice Recognition; Speech Synthesis Of Names In Phonebook; Contact Management-Up To 2,000 Contacts Per Phone; Easy Installation, Brand ParrotMade for iPodIntegrates with your CarWireless Remote ControlMade for iPhoneHands Free Driving and Music Streaming
Spare chain links (SRAM gold links)
And little girls love to talk about babies.
27
The slayings of Eve Carson and Lauren Burke bear a chilling similarity to another awful crime, notorious across the internet, but still largely suppressed by the US media, which happened just over a year ago, the car-jacking and violent rape and murder of Channon Christian and Christopher Newsom in Knoxville Tennessee.
An updated version of his famous line might be:
Question for everyone
Synopsis (from Indiebound): I won't describe what I look like. Whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse.
3) Claim your airline refund
WALLS C. Reasons that health care workers decline influenza vaccination in a New-Zealand hospital environment. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2000; 21: 249-250.
This wonderful place is so vast and colorful that goes beyond real. It is characterized by a large group of tall sandstone buttes, being the largest over 1000ft high.
Be back later this week with a nail tutorial or something, I pinky promise. It’s contest season, all the teachers are realizing it’s the end of the year and they haven’t taught us enough yet, work’s starting to get busier since it’s so nice 0utside, all that jazz.
More crawling, and I'm soon stabbed right in the thigh by another gremlin - with a cardboard dagger I'm guessing, since it did all of 2 stamina damage. I kill him, and find he's hoarding a "gold ingot" worth 28GP, but so heavy I have to drop something else in order to carry it.
There's no mention of Atlantic Yards, but, again, that shouldn't be surprising, given Markowitz's position as prime Atlantic Yards booster.
Being the little brother of an established rock star is a mixed blessing. Sure you can get more hype for your crap band but you will forever be in the shadow of the dickhead that kicked your ass when you were little. Here at Ill Con Labs we have been doing extensive research on the phenomena of little brother bands and we have come to this conclusion: THEY ARE ALL SHITTY.
Tomorrow is parent teacher conferences. It’s always nice to get face time with all the parents of my students…well, usually it’s nice. Regardless of what happens, I smile…real or fake it’s a smile, kind of like a fake Gucci bag.
For this project we were to create a comic page in color and black and white. My comic takes place in ancient Egypt. A time where Gods and Goddesses ruled, and where humans looked to them for guidance. A child taken from her home in the middle of the night ends up at the gates of the Gods. The demon Ammut finds and raises the girl in the land of the Gods. The girl grows up happy but wrestles with one God in particular. Anubis is the only God she can never impress, in fact he barely talks to her. She finds him infuriating but intriguing so she strives to get his attention.
I stood staring, then turned and walked away. He'd answered the question about whether it was funny with something unintelligible and an I guess so. He was on a ladder and seemed frozen, like he didn't know whether to ascend or descend.
What is more, when the Turks go into battle their war-cry is no other word than “Allah! Allah!” and they shout it till heaven and earth resound. But in the Arabic language Allah means God, and is a corruption of the Hebrew Eloha. For they have taught in the Koran that they shall boast constantly with these words, “There is no God but God.” All that is really a device of the devil. For what is it to say, “There is no God but God” without distinguishing one God from another? The devil, too, is a god and they honor him with this word; of that there is no doubt. In just the same way the pope’s soldiers cry “Ecclesia! Ecclesia!” To be sure: the devil’s ecclesia! Therefore I believe that the Turks’ Allah does more in war than they themselves. He gives them courage and wiles, guides sword and fist, horse and man. What do you think, then, of the holy people who can call upon God in battle, and yet destroy Christ and all God’s words and works, as you have heard?
There were limits: Blacks were almost never officers. However, the commentary from that time period shows an equality and lack of racial animosity that existed among American sailors. On merchant ships and U.S. Navy ships, everyone ate together and worked together. Racial boundaries took a back seat to the rules and regimentation of shipboard life. It is speculated that the depersonalization and dehumanization that all sailors suffered under the stern discipline of shipboard rules made race recede in significance. The book quotes a visitor to a New Orleans seaport who noted with wonder that Black seamen might “give 20 lashes with the end of a rope to white sailors, but ashore they dare not even look him in the face.”
One concept was to me, bold, strong and a bit modern looking instead of understated. Not what I would normally select. I put it aside concentrating on the others until I went back and reviewed a question he had asked and my answer which was build a "brand".
YANP: Do they choose composers that they would be interested in performing or do you suggest, um…
The Moderns (Alan Rudolph and John Bradshaw)
Dontcha know I’ll never fall in love again
5.Lovers Question
So it is from the perspective of my experiences that I understand why so many people are able to disregard Equal Money so instantly and pass it off so easily as a silly Idea.
I was so busy blogging away that I actually missed my 500th post! Oooops!
RIBBON, RIBBON AND MORE RIBBON!!
It crosses borders. If you think in terms of countries, you don’t understand how these people work.
I can’t crawl under a rock and wait to see if life will happen or go away. Wish I could. I’ve been told it’s about the path that gets you there. Well, I always choose wrong. But this bottle of bourbon…It tastes like Robert Johnson’s “I’m a Steady Rollin’ Man”. Softly the notes wash over me, and, for however many moments, my head is peaceful-like.
Gaddafi and his remaining loyalists decided to leave, further south towards Wadi Jaref.
I'm not going to say I've never won anything before because I have. However, in a year of blogging I have yet to see a competition that wasn't for UK residents only. This time I wrote Kate a note saying that I would be visiting my sister in London very soon so I could therefore pick up any prize that I might win within the UK postal area and I just wanted her know in case it made a difference. She wasn't fazed by my geographcal location and I was thrilled to read this post today - Thank you Kate. Which all goes to show: it doesn't matter where you are, it's where you're at.
For those who suffer from depression, I think it’s probably wise to stay away from it. Like so many other books that seem to glorify death, it’s probably something that can be used as a tool to promote one’s own suicide.
-hello?! paper bags?!
I left Raleigh and made it into Greenville by 3:30, when the rehearsal started at 4. To me, this was better than a high school class reunion. I lived and breathed concert choir in high school, and most of my friends were older than me. Next year (2013) marks my 20 year high school reunion, which I will likely not attend. When I went to my 10 year reunion, none of the people that I was close to and looking forward to seeing actually showed up. And that was before facebook existed.
There are some seriously fantastic designs I'm up against but I love a good challenge so if you don't mind...pop on over to the website or click on the voting badge to the right on my blog and please vote.
William T. Dean, 35, Floral Park, N.Y.
Before the Act, IP that was developed at institutions such as universities was dealt with under the general IP statutes, such as the Patents Act 1978, the Designs Act 1993, and the Copyright Act 1978. The new legislation is of utmost significance to research institutions, as well as to any entity that is considering embarking on collaborations with such institutions or even with individuals at such institutions. In every case where there is use of public finance, for example in the form of professors' wages, office space, use of facilities, or use of existing IP, the Act will kick in. Potential donors and collaborators need to be alert to the fact that even if they are contributing significant resources to a research project with a local university or institution, anything less than funding on a full cost model, will result in a severe curtailment of the ability of the funder to decide on the status of the resultant IP.
WERE IT NOT FOR POLES LIKE POPE JP2 AND LECH WALESA EUROPE MIGHT STILL BE UNDER SOVIET DOMINATION.
Pictures… (once more, all shoot with the x100)
Other studies have concentrated on the benefits of eating fruits and vegetables. One researcher, Dr. Gladys Block, who was at one time an epidemiologist at the National Cancer Institute (NCI), grouped together over 200 studies up to 1991 that linked diet with cancer. She concluded that as people ate more fruits and vegetables, the risk of cancer decreased.
And on her silver cross soft amethyst,
After a relaxing weekend watching football and napping, the first real week of BOLC-B begins. This is our Common Core tasks, such as Land Navigation, Marksmanship, Convoy Operations, and some other things thrown in. I believe we were supposed to do Combatives during this 3 week period, but rumor has it we are doing these during the last couple of weeks because of all of the holidays coming up.
enjoying the adulation that the inferior car drivers were giving me,
While some matters seem to be a mystery—others are not. Some fundamental guidelines are given throughout the Bible. Using these guidelines as a foundation, we can start to build a basic framework in our understanding of the will of God. As we seek Him for clarification in the ‘not so obvious’, we will get to know Him–and His will better.
Joshua Nkomo was, broadly, Mr Mugabe's contemporary, and a Zimbabwean liberation leader of impeccable credentials.
For the next step, take the long length that is NOT the lead length, and put it underneath both the lead length and shorter lengths, and pull it through the loop that has formed on the right hand side.
Oh how I love my slow cooker! It does all the work for me and all I have to do is eat! I knew I wanted to make Avery beef stew and did not want to waste so I bought enough meat to use as a meal for us. This meal has a total of 5 ingredients, two of which are veggies. My husband was very happy when I made this meal. He could have eaten the pot all himself!
I keep presenting this lesson to our kids about how dealing with personalities, differences and emotions within our family is a microcosm for the macro of our relationship with our brothers and sisters of the greater world around us. Learning to love the things that annoy us the most in our siblings and even in our parents is a hard lesson (heck, I'm 42 and just now getting it) but if doing this work within our own family will help us to connect with the world around us easier and on some deeper level then what a great reward. Having that kind of compassion is difficult in so many ways but there it is everyday...right in our faces, over and over again. It wouldn't surprise me if there are those who think living this way is downright cruel to our kids. Togetherness can be too much of a good thing can't it? But my question is how do we stretch, how do we grow, how do we come to terms that there is always going to be things that exist in others that just rub us the wrong way?
after all. It's about having the courage to undo the laces, remove the shoes, & walk (or run!) barefoot in the grass! It's about having the courage to remove the shackles and live in freedom! Living unbridled, unfettered, FREE! It's a great way to be.
I will pick a random winner this weekend..
“Set in a future where the Capitol selects a boy and girl from the twelve districts to fight to the death on live television, Katniss Everdeen volunteers to take her younger sister’s place for the latest match.”
smells of ocean
freehand . . . cardboard template . . . tape-up
For all the nice support and friendship i'm going to send my loyal blogfriends a little package. To thank you for that. I also received this week a package myself from my blogfriend Renilde. I love her art a lot. I love the fairytales she spins and the beautiful blues she uses on her palette. A special Renilde blue. :-) Thank you so much sweet Renilde for your beautiful gift, i am very happy with it!!!! Very much so.
Name: Pookie
My diet on two words:
_____If it walks like a duck, acts like a duck, looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck... Then it must be a duck. Same proverb works for sluts too...
feathers one by one)
p.p.s. I forgot to take a before picture, the top and bottom pictures are "afters," but there are hundreds of "befores" on the blog, so I'm sure you know how crazy his hair was before :)
Very interesting article about alcohol, weight loss/gain, and how hard booze is on the body. All you drunks who are boozing all the time yet so judgmental of anyone who does anything else should read this and stop forcing your outdated beliefs upon others. Plus, alcohol is a depressant, makes you sad quickly. Right, Robert Roy of Oak Park, IL?
VG then proceeded to publish an article based on my confidential police statement, in which they used lies and distortions to present me as having egged Breivik on by email while he was preparing his terror attacks. I told them in no uncertain terms that I have no interest in making money for them by being urinated upon in public, and then granting them an interview explaining to the general public how it’s like to be urinated upon in public.
Journey to the River Sea ~ by Eva Ibbotson (Brazil)
In Die for Me, Amy Plum created a captivating paranormal mythology with immortal revenants and a lush Paris setting. Until I Die is poised to thrill readers with more heart-pounding suspense, spellbinding romance, and a cliff-hanger ending that will leave them desperate for
Baking Soda*
It's Mild month. I keep telling myself that in case I forget. "Mild March is Month." I mutter as I stand at the tram stop. At least it gains me plenty of personal space.
Ananda answered: ” Buddha who eat will know that you are full, I take nothing and I am hungry.”
While not quite in the same as the Sparkle event, there's the Summer Party next week at Chams. I'm looking forward to that and with a bit of luck, the weather will remain cool and it'll be a good one. Stuff to look forward to eh?
After some well-deserved Obama bashing with a dash of ‘Republicans do it too’ (even though not nearly at the whole new level previously mentioned) Milbank needs to ask a question and get off the stage:
I LOVE to travel.
For the price of a pair of Louboutin's you can get yourself a totally custom made pair of heels. Not sorta custom, not a little customized, but entirely custom! London based shoe designer Emmy has designed footwear for a variety of the highest end fashion houses and is now focused on making bespoke wedding shoes out of her boutique on Cross Street. Each style of shoe can be customized by color, adornment, material, and heel height. Her wide range of shoe shapes and variety of bells and whistles leaves no doubt that the pampered bride will get exactly what she's after.
as per my last post - i've had a shore house for over 20+ years - a little back info on myself - i've been a "save the earth" girl since elementary school - ONLY using recycled paper, everything had to be the earth on it, and i started my family to recycle before you HAD to .. i'm no major tree hugger - but i'm also not just a girl who lets things go on around her without making my voice heard! - i'm the girl who cries every time i see a deer hit in the road - ALL b/c of humans taking over THEIR land!
Dimensional Bead Embroidery is my second Lark Book purchase. And as with the Loom work book, it didn’t disappoint. Beautifully photographed, Eakin explains the various stitches used to create embroidered art. The reference book is divided into nine chapters: starting with materials, designing, stitches, then finally projects to try and an inspirational gallery.
My thought for the day? I am jealous of people who crave and indulge in creativity more often than practicality. I am tired of loading the dishwasher, I wanna make more art.
I'm going to try to finish the mini quilt today because it's time to get back to those Farmer's Wives blocks. I'll be revealing May's blocks tomorrow and I still have April blocks to complete! I'd better get crackin'.
To help answer this I am posting the actual instructions (with only one additional line of advice from the Tanya, in bold near the end; this will appear in all future editions to be released, bizrat hashem) from the Open Siddur Project release below (written by yours truly). Also see the links below to download your copy today! Hopefully before the seasons change again I will be able to translate a fresh English translation. For a detailed description of the rite, refer to the aforementioned introduction.
So much for synods, summits and referendums. We can take a vote and think that we have the truth just because the majority thinks so. But we are seeing that this is not the way of righteousness. From Romans 3:4, “Let God be true and every man a liar.” When God speaks through His Word we can do no better than to agree with Him.
I am strong and wise,
I worked my ass off and had a really good time at the job. I had high hopes that maybe I’d be able to get full-time employment there when I graduated. Sadly, a new governor brought massive budget cuts and my dreams were quickly dashed as the small Film Office shrunk even further. I did however make connection with a group of people who called themselves the Virginia Screenwriters Forum, a group of amateur and semi-professional writers who were serious about breaking into the business of screenwriting.
Marty also has another great ability. He listens. And thus he learns. He learns because he can comfortably be there and examine other viewpoints without prejudice. He has vast knowledge so he naturally imparts wisdom, but doesn’t overpower one’s own wisdom, opinion or viewpoint. He is always learning from others, and so he continues to grow.
The house can be described as a topographic volume, a plynth running along the plot emerging from level -0.90m, and perforated with three different types of inner courtyards, which provide the dwelling space with natural illumination and crossed ventilation. This new topography, made up of flat and pitched roofs, generates a continuous terrace which can be enjoyed in many ways. The only volume related to the street is a hovering prism, detached from the plynth, which works as an independent space and creates an interstitial porch below.
***/5
“The dramatic actor Madana-mohana has opened a shop of scents that attract the women of the world to be His customers. He delivers the scents freely, but they make the women all so blind they cannot find the path returning home.”
There are some who lose their parents in a quick and poignant passing like Shoshana who lives in California, a long way from her native New Jersey where her mother lived. Her brother was left to be primary caregiver when she realized that she was a sun-lover. When he called Shosh to tell her their mother was dying and was in a coma, Shoshana got on a plane for New Jersey. When she arrived in Chicago the plane was delayed because of a snowstorm. Shoshana called her brother and asked that he hold the phone up to her mother’s ear. She said, “Mom, I’ve been delayed in Chicago. I love you, please don’t wait. It’s okay for you to go.” Twenty minutes after she hung up, her mother died.
That makes you want, that makes you fight.
This book is not about Bamako, my current home, although some of the field research for it was conducted here. Nor is it a book about Brazzaville, Congo, although most of the field research for it was conducted there. In fact it’s not really about anyplace, strictly speaking, and that’s just the point. As an anthropologist, I study people, and there’s only so much you can learn about people by studying places.
The Colosseum is really quite breath-taking, although its history is more than a little gruesome. Deadly gladiatorial combat and wild animal fights were staged for entertainment. At the inaugural games in AD 80, over 9,000 wild animals were killed.
We've been giddy here in the PND sports department over the past month and it's looking like delirium in Salford and weeping in the City. Man Utd are closing in on number 20 and the boss pays tribute to Paul Scholes (MEN)
Put this one together for my Grade 11 students as a shorter, and slightly more manageable version of the classic “3-5-7″ WOD. With some heavy work looming this afternoon, I thought I would give it a go. I split up the reps early, splitting the rounds into 6 singles followed by 6 unbroken kipping. This was MUCH more enjoyable than the original.
Each gift is a little surprise, which I know you will love and be able to use in any project :)
In only months Melissa had grown up so much and was already starting school.
I am just thrilled that these fabulous authors will be visiting our local libraries. They are all in town for Sleuthfest, the annual convention of the Mystery Writers of America. It starts Thursday and runs though the weekend at the Deerfield Beach Hilton. Go to the Sleuthfest page if you'd like to sign up.
I understand the paralyzing grip of depression, and what it is to feel so lost, everyday is like looking into one of those infinity mirrors. You see the same thing over and over, and there is no end. It confuses you, it scares you, you hurt your brain by trying to figure out how it works and you wear yourself out in hopes of being able to see something else if you squint and look just a little harder.
“It’s it amazing we did it then. It was perfect timing, really,” I told John.
Me? Meh. I didn't even take a picture of the completed dish. I still have leftovers from Valentine's Day in the fridge. I could very easily get up at take a picture. It just wouldn't be worth it.
My cream filling recipe is one my mom always used and it is a basic one that can produce many different flavors. I am making a coconut one today for DH. His favorite pie.
It’s a little town close to the West Coast
Oh, all the clichés are true, of course. And people love to compare puppies and babies. Like children, dogs bring joy and playfulness and laughter to our sometimes too-serious grown-up lives. And, along with all the trouble, the the love can be overwhelming and astonishing and totally worth it—if you are ready for that kind of surprise and sacrifice.
I need to choose lights for the posts and a chandelier type light for under neath the entry. You can see the yellow electrical wires in the picture.
By the next holiday season I would like to ( lose X pounds, maintain my goal weight, I want to handle challenges without reaching for food) By making changes this holiday season, we will be all fired up and ready for the next season.
vegetable oil to taste
All you need to do to enter is leave a comment with your email address and your two preferences.
I like the scene. There's a big family vibe in the community. I've made a lot of friends through doing this. There's obviously random kids that are into it for the wrong reasons, but most of those kids eventually bail out of the scene.
Joy is the wife to a missionary pilot and they, along with their five kids, live in Indonesia. Joy is a proud wife, blessed mommy, runner, homeschooler, reader, thinker, home-maker, lover of nature, and most of all, an undeserving recipient of amazing grace, and grateful daughter of God. Joy’s heart is to encourage women to revel in their job as mommy and wife, and to see it as good and needed work. She blogs at Grace Full Mama. Joy writes:
Poe continues, “Through his global web of Open Society Institutes and Open Society Foundations, Soros has spent 25 years recruiting, training, indoctrinating and installing a network of loyal operatives in 50 countries, placing them in positions of influence and power in media, government, finance and academia.”
I: If you have any suggestions I’d be happy to take them. This whole project is still in it's embryonic stages.
Yesterday, I headed to Lille with Denise, her housemate, and the housemate's brother. We had a yummy lunch and hit the shops where none of us had any luck. At least the housemate drove us, so I wasn't out any money for the trip. I only went along to give Denise a break as her housemate can drive her up a wall at times, and the brother wanted to practice his English (the girl doesn't understand English at all). With both me and Denise, we could take turns who was dealing with who. I think it took some of the pressure off.
More than often, wishing they were just like you.
Colouring Medium - Copic Markers
by digby
Starting with the liquid, add in 1 cup of milk of your choice. Now add in the chia or flax and nut butter. Next, add in the spinach followed by the banana on top. Blend until smooth. Add in your ice cubes and blend some more.
Public acknowledgement soon of other civilizations; other truths will emerge later; “open window” for ascension; changes to come; physical death of those who refuse light; Golden Age government; moderate temperatures; emotions, bodies in higher densities; relationship of soul, fetus
University/College Career Education
Last week SCBWI Western Washington celebrated the bi-annual Inside Story at Mockingbird Books in Seattle. Local authors and illustrators came together to share their recently published books and tell their “inside stories,” including the inspiration behind their works. There was an amazing turn-out with all seats filled and a lively audience of booksellers, teachers, librarians, and
In fact, I think I’m done rambling about racing now. Let’s just watch some videos of the Morgan-badged OAK Racing prototype and the Aston Martin Vantage GTE and call it day.
She just wasn't "done" seeing him. When we left she gave him a kiss and told him she loved him.
"Then know I do not say this lightly when I tell you that this is where I want you to go. You will be better able to run Balanchine Chocolate someday if you know something about how cacao is grown. And this will make you a superior partner to me. A superior business partner, I mean." He dropped my hand and moved in even closer to me. "Don't be frightened, Anya."
So, anyone else ever been to a blow dry bar? How did you like it? Which style did you choose??
Along with undermining economic competitiveness and increasing inequality, subpar public schools threaten recruiting for the State Department, intelligence agencies and the armed forces, according to a task force headed by Joel Klein, the former New York City school chief now at News Corp. (NWSA), andCondoleezza Rice, former Secretary of State.
The web-series La Déséducation has been airing since November, and focuses first on what's wrong with education in Quebec (the first eight webisodes), and starting up once again in February, will focus on alternatives to the existing model, including homeschooling, freeschooling, and unschooling (my mother and I were interviewed, and will be included in one of the webisodes). Sadly, this series is currently only available in French.
I'll care when the Canadian media stops pretending that
Gingerly touching his paws to the tall, dry grasses.
“Here.” She said. “You’ll need this.”
I commented on the article as follows:
A Charlie Brown Christmas and Charlie Brown Christmas Tales plus seven-minute short from Prep & Landing: Operation Secret Santa ... ABC ... 8 PM
1 street
8. The development of Print-on-demand technology allowing printers to become publishers.
Memory cells?
I felt like a wanton harlot, a brazen floozy who didn’t do the honorable thing and take her husband’s name. I pinned on the nametag and scarpered to my seat, my husband tittering behind me.
Lead Guitar – Steve Napoleoni Monge
Needles In My Eyes
King and other researchers said they believe the effect of low minority representation is less on votes taken than issues presented.
We came back in 1990 as Fourstoryforehead. Jeff was gone, and Ernie had moved over to guitar. We subbed in a guy named Phil from the high school auto shop on bass.
Performer - Joe McPhee
Signing the register took a wee while, but Sally (my beautiful friend) sung 'We've only just begun" by the carpenters and 'The twelfth of Never' by good old Cliff Richard! The latter is my Mum and Dad's "song", which was a surprise to them, so as you can imagine, that sparked quite a few tears!
The storyline was sweet, too...
Trust your common sense and what your gut tells you. Make sure you're not wearing blinders when it comes to your publishing dream. The idea that any agent is better than no agent is most often not true.
Without any doubt - the band's debut album 'Rites Of The Black Mass' stands totally alone - with no peers at all, as perhaps the crowning glory of 'True Satanic Metal' oriented music. Concept albums have never been the same before or since either - and seem almost childish when compared ideologically to the seminal debut. Infact, nothing has ever been done like it before or since - so there's no comparable material to it either.
Spinach, which is a rich source of lutein, appeared to offer the most protection against the disease. The researchers concluded that the carotenoids present in food may decrease the risk of developing severe cataracts.
Their father reached inside the room and turned on a light. The room was tiny, more like a walk-in closet, and was nearly completely filled by an ancient, busted up black trunk.
Remember , keep your eyes upon me.
- In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, corn starch, cooking wine, and ground pork and mix well. Let it marinade in the refrigerator while you prepare the other ingredients.
Sunday evening, Christy and I were heading to Target with my kids. We were potty talking away in an effort to get all the poops and farts and pee giggles over and done with. Earlier in the day, we'd enjoyed making up our own lyrics to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle" or the WonderPets theme song... anything to do with underwear was a favorite theme. (Underwear is under there, Underwear is what we wear, Underwear oh underwear, I love you, my underwear, etc)
under the pines in my mind…
It is the personal touch between Christ and ourselves that causes His life to pass into our nature, making us sound and healthy, as well as secure and safe.
(I mean, that's not enough pressure to put "dungeon" back on the table, but you could see where a girl might start getting desperate.)
The day’s a different matter, which upsets her.
It's simpler.
Now that I am done bearing children, I thought now might be the time to get back to sort-of-what I used to be. (There is no magic cream or excersise that is going to make me have a taut tummy of a teenager).
In a big bowl, mix together the flour, fruit, salt and spices. Beat the egg into the milk/butter/zest/yeast, then pour all the liquid ingredients into the dry. Knead it together with your hands or a dough hook until smooth, elastic and silky, adding extra milk/water if it seems a bit too dry (I did at i first start with 75ml milk)). Cover the bowl in clingfilm and leave to rise – either overnight in the fridge, or out in a warm kitchen for an hour to an hour and a half to double in size.
About a year ago, Ross and I looked at each other, and realized we were living highly independent lives.
“I think we should all get out of the house and go eat breakfast with some humans and sunlight. If Jack thinks Fortunatus will be alright here by himself,” Ronan said over his shoulder.
For instance; when I established my residency in Washington State again the clerk at the DMV made the following statement – “Your returning to your previous address?” leaving out the part about this being my childhood home. “Yes sir,” I replied “I’m moving back to my childhood home. AGAIN.”
Sanjay Mehrotra is president and chief executive officer of SanDisk, effective January 2011. He was appointed to the SanDisk board of directors in July 2010, appointed president and chief operating officer in June 2006, and co-founded in 1988.
Your Keirsey Temperament Sorter Results indicates that your personality type is that of the Artisan.
However often we wind up going, there’s little doubt we’ll have a ball. It’s a world-class city that’s only 2 hours from home (what could be easier?) – but more importantly, we love our friends and want to spend more time with them. So get read Montreal. We’ll be back soon.
no justice in the justice system
About two weeks ago, we discovered a whole new world of wonderful textures and flavors. That's right...TABLE FOOD! Ella has always been a great eater; there are very few things that she flat-out does not like (example: raspberries and strawberries because they're tart.), so you can imagine my surprise and frustration when she suddenly wanted nothing to do with any of her baby food. After ruling out several possible causes for her sudden food strike, it was determined that she simply became bored of baby food. And boy, were we right! The tiny girl can put away an entire banana in one sitting (bananas have always been a favorite), and she loves her some chicken and stars, and (get this), biscuits and gravy. She is her father's child indeed.
Postlethwaite was one of my favorite actors of all time. Apparently I was in good company - Spielberg called him "the best actor in the world."
The nurse manager told this nursing colleague that they were obligated to investigate the allegation but felt that the patient was “cuckoo” and basically left the complaint at that. The issue at hand here is that many patients complain about the nursing care that is provided in many institutions today. Healthcare organizations are focused so much on Press Ganey scores that a perception of inequity exists so that most nurses are already behind the eight ball and feel the need to be defensive when describing their actions when it comes to patient care. Because hospitals in general are so patient slanted nurses have a very difficult time proclaiming their innocence. This is true even with the most mundane patient complaint. Over the years I have spoken to many nurses that have had complaints against them from patients. The feelings of inadequacy, stress as well as concern for their continued employment are real feelings that nurses go through when it comes to patient complaints. The sad truth is that most nurses perceive that hospitals will not support them during any time of difficulty.
Hi everyone! I hope you are having a great day! I can't believe how fast time is flying these days. School is almost over and I am planning our summer vacation. What? I haven't even come close to scrapping all of last years summer vacation. lol Like that will ever happen.
The first NBC broadcast is scheduled for July 1, the final day of the America’s Cup World Series in Newport, R.I. The other dates on NBC are Aug. 26 and Oct. 7, so America’s Cup organizers will fit events to those slots. Organizers are exploring having an ACWS stop on the Hudson River in New York, which would end on Aug. 26. If that’s not possible, there would be ACWS stops in San Francisco ending with televised races on Aug. 26 and Oct. 7.
San Diego County supervisors unanimously approved a plan yesterday to deal with thousands of lower-level criminals by housing them in local jails instead of state prisons and requiring county probation officers to supervise them, but not before questioning the state for forcing the change on them, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports.
Cook the pasta according to package directions. While the pasta is cooking, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Once heated, add the shrimp and saute, stirring frequently. Add 2 cloves of the minced garlic, the juice of 1/2 of the lemon, 1/2 cup of the white wine, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, pepper to taste, and Melting Pot Seasoning (or any lemon/garlic seasoning) to taste. Continue cooking until shrimp are pink and cooked through.
Wide Screen
“He is a changed man,” said Jackson. “He has reformed his life. He has expressed deep remorse and deep regret.
f) they are cool to wear in the heat
“Lord, please help me not be so determined to have a picnic that I miss what You’re saying. Help me to be open to Your plan for my day, and for my life. Show me the path You’d have me take. Help me pay attention to the Words that are coming out of Your mouth!
Reduce heat to medium. Add onion, bell peppers, and garlic to pan; cook 7 minutes or until tender, stirring frequently. Stir in olives and next 5 ingredients (through black pepper); cook 30 seconds or until fragrant. Stir in vinegar, scraping pan to loosen browned bits; cook for 2 minutes or until liquid almost evaporates. Stir in broth, tomato paste, and bay leaves. Add steaks; bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce heat, and cook 1 1/2 hours or until steaks are very tender. Discard bay leaves.
Face Bullying With Confidence
“I suppose it was the end of the world for her when her husband and her baby were killed. I suppose she didn’t care what became of her and flung herself into the horrible degradation of drink and promiscuous copulation to get even with life that had treated her so cruelly. She’d lived in heaven and when she lost it she couldn’t put up with the common earth of common men, but in despair plunged headlong into hell. I can imagine that if she couldn’t drink the nectar of the gods any more she thought she might as well drink bathroom gin.’
It's just very unfortunate.
sew the side and bottom seam of piece4 and body together, as well.
The hard truth is that I am totally messed-up on school. I believe that it is the magic fix to all life’s problems, when in reality it is just an incredibly expensive cushion that will only soften my inevitable ignominious decent into my parents basement to live alone unable to hold a job.
My Christmas wish is to tell them that though their spirits now walk this realm and the next, their love remains alive in my heart.
So, taking about feeling normal, there have been some good points to the week. Firstly, the mad panic project at work wasn't a mad panic. No-one "crossed the streams" so we're all good. Any IT work that doesn't involve a full restore and hoping the back-up tapes hold out is a win in my book. ;-) Wee Man did well on his School Report and he had a great time at his birthday party a few weeks ago. Little Miss, I can't believe how much she's grown up. She's on her way to being 3 and both her - and her brother - are a delight to take to the park. I think it's the reckless joy they seem to have. The Ever Lovely Mrs Jones is hanging on in there, she's been there for me and I don't know what I'd do without her. The weather's also taken turn to a more traditional British summer - as in, it's raining. So good for the plants, water supply and it's no longer baking hot. Good stuff.
They can be worn as a dress, with leggings or as a layer over another dress. Even a coat.
I have become sort of well-known for my walls of text in conversations of privilege and marginalization, and one of the reasons I post them is because simply telling people to educate themselves doesn’t work. I mean, realistically, we are all grown adults who know how to use The Google. Given sufficient interest in not hurting each other’s feelings, a person so motivated could just… go find one of the many many places on the internet where this has been explained and just learn how on their own.
Warm soft pastel illustrations make the boardwalk an inviting place to be. Young readers will love finding their favorite things to do and eat. Families, friends and shop owners will make this a memorable read. Kids will have fun with colors, shapes and discussing all of the
This quote by John Gay has defined me since the discovery of the hate group. Yes the situation was absolutely terrible, but I got to see who my true friends were and became stronger because of it. Don’t ever give up.
As I see it, the Obama administration needs to act decisively in this manner and punish those responsible. The wasteful spending of the GSA clearly constitutes corruption and could even be cast as the theft of federal funds. As such, I do not think that criminal charges would be out of place here. At the very least, all the money beyond the legitimate expenditures should be returned by those responsible. That should help deter future cases of this sort of foolishness.
National Child Pornography Tipline and CyberTipline
The world says we have to fight for our rights and our freedom. God says He has given us our freedom. The world says we have to earn respect. God says we must respect everyone, whether they ‘earn’ it or not.
For some reason, she thought this was hilarious. She left them there for a few days and would laugh every time she saw him. It was funny. She is such a little clown.
To tempt us, crusted with loose gems
2. Doctor 4
to store your faded memories.
It was a long post, I know. Here I sign off, promising to see you again with a Guest Post. Till then, Happy Cooking and Happy Blogging!
The Four O'Clock Press Packages:
When he attended the Davos World Economic Summit in Switzerland, he charged £256.98 for a pair of ‘heavy-duty shoes’ – presumably to cope with the snow. The summit for tycoons and world leaders features a series of free dinners and cocktail parties, yet he charged £1.89 for a cup of coffee.
WHAT IT’S ABOUT:
1. Start with a contextually appropriate premise. Why would somebody call a fast food restaurant? To ask for directions or hours of operation, to make some complaint (an incredibly fertile premise for a creative prank caller), or maybe to inquire about a menu item. Not to ask for advice about swollen testicles. The premise of trying to scam free food by complaining about food that you never actually bought is very believable because it’s something we deal with all the time.
So I wandered over to a couple sites of friends to read what's been going on. Lots of fun and entertainment for both Dorito and Ms. Squidgessence, and then I realized one of my concerns. Not that this is a competition but sweet Mother Of Mary, look at these blogs. They are actually interresting with pictures and videos and humour and stuff. An Ox and Red Cat? The ramblings of a cable jockey. ....And no pictures or videos. Yikes, I have to get up to the times and become creative. I see that I have to keep posting just to keep the party downa dn the general noise around here to a dull roar.
BY WADE MCMILLIN, Couchsideshow.com editor
John West's name must always be uttered in full - "John West".
Congrats to Mama Velveeta!
Next I stopped at this school. There were some kids playing carom in the verandah so I figured it must be a school. So I went in and asked this guy who turned out to be a teacher if I could just sit there and rest a while. There were four or five teachers there and they were most gracious. I wanted to just sit in the verandah but they insisted I sit on a chair inside and they even asked me if I’d like some lunch but I declined saying I’d just eaten. I offered them grapes in return and they were quite surprised to be offered grapes by the traveler, taking only one each. We talked for some time, in English, which most of them could speak, and answered each others’ questions. But it’s only so long you can keep chatting and again I couldn’t really take a nap there so I decided to go on. I offered the kids playing carom grapes before I left and they were really shy and burst out laughing, only to be curtly told by the woman watching over them to behave like humans in front of the stranger. For some reason I’d thought this bit would be all industrial towns all the way to Shimoga but I was pleasantly surprised to find small towns and villages dotting the largely agricultural landscape. A few ks down the road I finally found a nice bus-stop, deserted but dusty, you can’t have everything now can you? It was 2:30pm by now and incredibly hot. I pulled the cycle in with me and lay down to take a short nap.
Lynsker came up with the theme and we both got to play and then see what we came up with individually. I have to say that drawing fish is definitely not my forte but a good exercise. Lynsker, on the other hand, has finesse with the animal kingdom.
Today's New Oldie is a parody of The Battle Of New Orleans, smash crossover hit for Johnny Horton in 1959. The song went to #1 on both the Country and Pop charts in Billboard and Cashbox. It even made it to #3 on the R&B charts, which is nearly unheard of for a Country song. The song was also a #1 hit in Sydney, Australia and in Canada on 1050 CHUM-AM in Toronto in May 1959.
Not sure if this is completely useful, but it's interesting.
If you take the time to listen to a CD, a band, a song, a genre and you absolutely hate it, fair enough. I have artists that I don’t particularly care for, too. I will say that when they have new singles, I give them a listen and then make my decision. But if you do hate every single piece of music other than your handful or two, that’s perfectly fine. But if you’re going to protest something so hard, at least take the time to know why.
Followed by two hours of tuney doings spun by Piley and myself. A no-wave set where anything was winged into the improv' playlist - TV Themes (Eurotrash, Grandstand), Bowie, Beatles booty remixes and covers, foreign language editions (a latin Hit the Road Jack)......
There are many things that I wish I could change about my life, but there are very few things that I regret.
and aroused lovers laughing as
If you have been nominated, here is what you do to keep it rolling:
There must be a lot more potential success criteria. But this is my list for now. 7 steps to collaboration heaven.
Was like the conscious being of the book.
Box of gallon freezer bags with the zipper closure (TRUST ME. Get the zippered ones!)
They can hide, create a veil, bring illusion or even Newly Reveal.
I'm crocheting egg cozies, a baby afghan, and working on tatting on a handkerchief. I also have to make an afghan, a hat, and work on puppet costumes. Between family and friend showers and events, church, and my shop I'm stretched pretty thin. I have to try to accomplish most of this by Easter.
is IT.
Its peculiar how the science manuals talk about flowers "tricking" bees, wasps, butterflies buy dowsing them with pollen as they gather nectar. The pervasiveness of humanising nature, or yet more anthropocentrism? Do flowers really have deceptive thoughts? It occurs to me that there is a human desire to demonstrate that we fully understand nature. Scientists take a part into the lab. poke it, prod it, test it, & come up with the theory of how it works. Yet isn't it more liberating to marvel at such intricacy, such beauty & not have to understand it. My views of science are tainted by that discipline's yearning to first understand something & then exploit it for profit.
SHORT TERM: market bounces around in volatile session, DOW +72
Second, we went on a field trip with our Spanish class. It is nice, because they are paid for, except for our food and souvenirs. We don’t have to drive, or park, or get lost, it’s up to our Spanish teacher and the drivers to get us where we are going. We went to a small town just outside of Asunción, called Areguá. It is near Lake Ypacaraí, and it is a pretty little town. There is a hill close by called Cerro Koi; it is one of only three places in the world where you find natural hexagonal shaped rocks. It was all very interesting. The funny part of the story is when we were riding home and Kevin and I saw a truck full of wooden furniture in the bed, lashed on the top, and lashed on the back. And it was not a nice truck, with a covered cargo area. It was an old junker, with an old green tarp covering the back. And it was also full of guys, maybe five or six guys riding among the furniture. We looked at each other and said, “That’s the RC Willey truck.” We have had several workers at our house, painters, carpenters, locksmith, internet, and only the internet guys came in a truck from their company, the same as you would expect in the United States. Everyone else has come on foot from the bus stop, or on a motorcycle. It has really shown me what a different world I am experiencing.
Just for shits and giggles, I tried again a few times after the challenge to see if I could do it any faster, but I found out that I just don’t have the face for it. Jenny’s lovely face is a bit wider/flatter than mine is, and I have to imagine that helped her because any time I tried to move the cookie quickly, it would flip up and roll off my face.
What makes Tom Venuto different? Well he does tell you what to eat, he only gives you the guide lines of what food combinations are bad for you and when to eat what. This makes it a lifestyle change as you are able to stay within a budget and still be healthy, fit and lean.
And by the time you do get to speak with someone, are you receptive to what they have to say??
CARE has been collecting signatures for an online petition to set up a law prohibiting animal abusers from raising animals again.
Eel River Brewing Co Fortuna, CA Organic IPA IPA
Primary colors. Dick and Jane fabric. Alphabets with red and white checks. These will work, too. I can't wait to get started! Alas, it will have to wait just a little bit.
What's made me, ME........
I have also starting watching vintage dress patterns and fabrics with a view to making the third attempt in my life at teaching myself to actually follow a pattern. My first purchase arrived in the post this morning, so when I finally get around to ordering some fabric, finding the right binding tape and the perfect buttons, I'll let you know how this goes.
Aside from this fresh way of thinking, I am back on track for posting. Sorry, I feel that sometimes when my life gets too chaotic my blog is the one that suffers; however, it's almost been 1 year of blogging and I haven't quit...(and don't intend to). I am still here and trying to balance my life.
The liquid at the bottom of the bin, is usually run off as the food is decomposing. It can often smell sour and can be too acidic for plants. It is not recommend to use this liquid on it’s own to water plants. Problem is you still have this liquid that needs to be dealt with so sometimes I just dilute it with a lot of water and still water my plants with it. Yes, it may be a bit acidic but better than dumping it down the drain or even worse letting it run off my balcony onto other balconies… Yuck!
5. (C) ANCYL Provincial Secretary Julius Malema, who was frank and friendly, started the conversation with stories of his "young pioneer" days when the ANC taught him how to use a gun 17 years ago, at the tender age of 9. He then boasted that Limpopo's ANCYL has more members than any other province and is "100 percent united" in its support of Zuma. Malema never explained why he or the league supports Zuma, but did
I think it is imperative before I begin to state that I am not religious. I don’t necessarily believe in God (although the truth of the matter is that I have no clue), and I’m not even a very “spiritual” person as many non-believers claim to be. Not to be cliché, but I look at the universe from a more scientific perspective, and see no evidence for or against the existence of God. Thereby, in accordance with Occam’s razor, I deduce that no god or higher power exists (although I suppose the Occam’s razor argument could be used against me, by saying that the existence of God is simplest explanation – although I would counter that the creation of existence of God is too immense a concept to be called simple).
Not to mention the fact that I live out in the boonies.
He says "it should be seen as art, and as within the month of October. It's Halloween, it's time to be scary it's time to be spooky."
Men had done terrible things to her. She said she loved me, and I wanted to the special one, the guy who was different and loved her for her instead of treating her like a lifeless object whose only job was gratify me.
not withstanding. The crocuses are done, and we're in the
I still feel emotionally and mentally exhausted from all the sickness and death, but at the same time, I recognize that I'm alive and I need to get back to living.
With all that in mind, I think there are some huge benefits to buying a good quality .22 semi-automatic handgun. The ammo is very cheap, you will have fun shooting it, and will also encourage your children to learn firearm safety and get comfortable with a quality weapon. I think my favorite right now is the Ruger SR .22 and I will post some videos below to let you get an idea of how great this weapon is. I was torn between the Walther P22 and the Ruger SR.22 won out for several reasons.
You don’t need a magic wand to get this deal. All you have to do is call Allure Quest Travel Experience at 615-818-8241 or 615-336-8580. Or email us at alan@allurequest.com.
In the construction of the scale it was assumed that the important thing was not to ascertain whether, on mature reflection, the person believed that there was such a thing as absolute right and wrong, but rather to ascertain on what he based his decision when confronted with a demand for decision. The scale itself therefore was designed to take no sides in the philosophical debate over whether discoverable right and wrong exists. It merely considers responding in terms of what is believed to be right and responding in terms of one's own self-interest as possible alternative bases for decision. Presumably the person who had devoted some thought to the philosophical questions involved and concluded that there was no such thing as right and wrong would always use self-interest (enlightened?) as his decision basis. For him one of the alternatives would be excluded a priori. It is assumed however that for most people the choice between doing what is right and doing what is in one's own interest was a real one. Administration instructions for the scale included the assurance to the subjects that they could use 'their own definition' of what is right. Throughout, however, the interest was not in what it was that they thought to be right but rather in the relevance this had for their policy decisions. This is to some extent the opposite of the immediate concern in most attitude scales.
My healing process isn’t something static. I will change continuously, and so will my feelings. T helped me get on track. T started this process, or perhaps it was a combined effort – either way, I started on this journey. I don’t necessarily notice the progress I have made, but the proof is in the pudding. I have altered my behavioural pattern greatly since I first started out. I no longer act out, something that is probably the biggest and most important difference.
Next week is going to be a week of major preparations. I think it will probably fly by as a result. The funny thing about all of those preparations is that last weekend at church, Preparation was the title of the sermon. It was a really good one for me to hear and it helped me get my head on a little straighter which is always a good thing.
So now I focus on healing and getting back into my normal routine. It looks like I’ll be returning to work on Wednesday for a short day and then going from there. I’m getting a little too used to not working so it’ll be an adjustment but it should be fine. There’s a lot of work to get done so it will be nice to get back.
To make a long story short, I was the second choice for him. It hurt when I found out, quite a bit, because not only was he my best friend and someone I deeply cared about, but my family loved him. My mother even referred to him as her "second son."
Other than turning into a slut, getting STD’s or pregnant.
"Now mom, she is built for gymnastics."
Here are a few pics from our Luncheon
5. Young at Heart
Oh boy, here’s a term that sets everyone’s threat-level to Defcon 1. Let’s all just calm down to a hysterical panic and examine it rationally, as scientists in a lab might pick up some radioactive substance with a robotic hand.
This went on a number of times until finally, unbelievably, we were at the end. Everyone was cheering, sweating, huffing and puffing, clapping, yelling, smiling. The energy in the room was probably at it’s highest at this one moment. Everyone was proud of themselves, proud of the person next to them, proud of Shaun.
Old friends came from Minneapolis and as always when we get together with them, the house was filled with laughter. We met them years ago at Green Lake where we used to go every summer and have become very close. The wife and my daughter are close friends as are her husband and my sons and they are nice enough to love Bill and me too.
Add a little more oil to the pan if it looks dry, and stir fry your vegetables. Add the garlic and ginger and let them fry with the vegetables till you can smell them. Add the curry paste mixture and the coconut milk. Stir to combine and bring the sauce to a simmer. Toss in the meat, scallops or tofu; if you're using shrimp, add it now. Let it all simmer together for about 5 minutes, or until the shrimp are pink, or your meat is cooked and heated through.
How much did military spending change? Was it…
parent volunteer at the boutique
Emily's card was for her science teacher, Ms. Moore, who was the favorite this year. This card was very similar but I added flower shaped buttons to make it a bit more girly:))
2 tablespoons of port
16Today the Lord your God gives you orders to keep all these laws and decisions: so then keep and do them with all your heart and all your soul.
Kuya Pidyong – Mamimiss ko malakas at bigay todo mong tawa.
I drew upon feelings from my first BDSM experience, which involved my visit with “Mistress Lynn” and “Brandi. The play activities were entirely different. Two decades later, I’m no longer Chloe, but I still have clear and powerful memories of the first meeting and the correspondence just prior to it. Even though I bottom much more than I top, writing it from the dominant perspective felt right. I’m not “Lynn”, but she taught me most of what I know about submission. I’ve also cultivated my dominant side over the years.
On the trend front, I’ve seen t-shirt hems rise, as the bustier and crop tops have returned, but nonetheless, the average length on a t-shirt from a mainstream consumer retail shop tends to run 1-2 inches too long for my frame. I would like to note, though, that styling matters. Love this Christopher Kane t, but it is 10-fold better tucked in for short ppl so the legs look longer.
Occasionally, though, I do get a wild hair and get excited about baking something. In fact, I have mastered the art of the cookie. Of course, I think that comes along with the whole package of Mommy Magic.
I haven’t accomplished a single productive thing yet today. My brain feels almost completely busted. To say I am frustrated would be a gross understatement.
On The Doctor’s Wife:
FNPS members recently received my letter describing childhood adventures in South Florida's outdoors – memorable experiences made possible thanks to preserved lands and my parents' initiative. I dug up some photos of these family trips to share with you. The quality of these photos is not the greatest - they were scanned from prints - but many readers probably have photos like these (maybe even older!) and can relate to a time without cell phones, the Internet or cable television.
But of course, dinner is where she pulls out her big guns.
The divisive war-cry ‘untuk agama, bangsa dan negara’ often used by Umno and their support groups do not seem to perturb the moderate Malays.
Born at 6:43 pm and weighing in at 7 lbs 6 oz and 20 1/2 inches long, our son Allen James is here. He is perfectly made, a beautiful reminder of love and life.
Dec 29th – should be packing for "vacation". First thing I'm doing when I get there? SHOWER! George has forbidden me from taking the laptop but I'm thinking about slipping it in the bottom of my bag. Shhhh, don't tell him. Excited to see what God is up to as we have time to just relax and talk about our plans...scratch that...God's plans for the village through us.
Partly this is due to the chronic pain. Partly it is due to mistakes on my part. Partly it is just because of chance. By turns this has made me depressed, disappointed, disgusted. Sometimes even on the brink of despair.
Note: roast each item separately or as a whole but make sure that it doesn’t get burnt i always do it separately one after the other but either way is also ok .depending upon your spice levels can adjust the measure especially Pepper corns and Whole Red chillies .
Leonard
July 2011
The Whimsy Stamps DT have been showcasing these fabulous stamps for the past 6 days, so if you missed them be sure to hop on over to the Whimsy Inspirations Blog for some more inspiration!
Some web searching on the Vid and Pid terms that I found earlier, I discovered that several USB gadgets seem to have exactly the same Vid and Pid. I don't think this is supposed to happen, so I assume that someone made a simple USB interface with a Vid and Pid embedded, and various other people decided to all use it for different gadgets. However, in this case, it does mean that a very nice man called Scott Weston (scott@weston.id.au) decided to make a gadget called Missile run under Python in 2006. The Hamster gadget shares the same Vid and Pid, and someone who seems to want to remain anonymous took Scott's work and ported it for the Hamster by doing some tests on each of the 6 bit command codes that appeared to be sent, http://brooknet.no-ip.com/~lex/public/Hamster_Wheel/web/
Hey New York Times, I don't watch HBO, because it's not for people with basic cable. Would you mind setting aside about 300 words somewhere for me to opine about their spring lineup and who should be watching it?
and tons of letters go bundled from the building to all
I didn't make eye contact with anyone in the bar in the time I was there. I believe I was the youngest guy to walk through The Stables' doors since Weezer walked in in 1972. As I looked around the ambienceless room I noticed a UMB promotional calendar on the wall. I was able to surmise that today was the 9th of January because they had methodically marked a big black X through each day of January up to the 9th, like they're counting down the days until they die. If I'd had big enough balls I would have flipped through the remaining months to see if there was a day in June marked Death Day. But I was busy plotting my escape in case they didn't take credit cards. With the previous meter payment I was down to a precise $1.96, not even half the cost of my Newcastle. Everybody else at the bar was paying with cash and I didn't see one of those wonderful Visa stickers on the door. I was pretty worried I was going to look like a giant schmuck by not being able to pay my tab. I already had heard Songbird say "them young folk sure are getting brave coming in here". I didn't want to be the one to turn them against young folk.
Robert De Niro/Charles Grodin (Midnight Run)
Winter kept us warm, covering
Call me a snob, but that’s a bit naive to think that you could get a job with the experience of “answering phones.” A ten year old could do that. When you’re eighteen, a job isn’t fluffy and gentle like a fabric softener commercial. It’s gritty, sour, physically demanding, mentally straining, emotionally damaging, crap, and the pay off is a three hundred dollar check for two weeks of work minus taxes. Benefits? What the heck are those. A first job should make you want to run for the college gates because you don’t want to spend the rest of your life serving slushies to bratty children, or stocking shelves.
Ink Showdown: In this fast-paced competition, Piranha Plants spit ink balls from the back edge of the court. Players must destroy the ink balls before they splatter, while hitting tennis balls away from an opponent.
My seven year old son has been so enthralled with this book, daily sharing with us new information he has discovered. It has been a joy to see this already excited about Jesus boy get even more excited. You can go to Amazon and learn more about and purchase this book, here.
2 jars chunky tomato sauce
Your family & friends can receive these valuable audio lessons every day and
2100.***E-X/8/2001. On the prudence of relying on Congressional declarations of war. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-21.)
God bless you all and MERRY CHRISTMAS!
1/2 fl oz (1 tbsp) rum
They get me settled in a room (8-8:30pm) and by this point my sister in law arrives after working two 12 hr days in a row. Thank you Kris!! They break my water and asked about an epidural. I was trying to have a med free birth but "S" decided that he wasnt up for that. After an hour of horrible pain in my head from the fact he was sitting on a nerve and every contraction would shoot up to my brain I decided that an epidural was needed. They started placement at 9:15 and completed it at 9:30. Right after it kicked in "S's" heart rate dropped which in my case is a tell tale sign that delivery is not far off at all.
this is from her momma...
Higher, higher, now love comes
“We’ve already been granted money for Death Aversion Research,” Dr. Landice informed TJI. “Ultimately, we hope to overcome the limitations of Living in order to conquer Dying. Of course, we’ll have to use aggressive research techniques. Life has shown itself to be a tough nut to crack. Once you kill it, it tends to slip away. But it can’t run forever,” Dr. Landice accentuates this remark with a definitive fist clenching. “One day, we’ll back Life into a corner. Then all of its secrets will be granted to us. We will no longer fear Death.”
He was here when we moved in.
A short note to state that I have received a letter from Brit Writers’ solicitors requesting that I remove all references to the BWA from this website. I have therefore done so. I request that all Word Clouders refrain from mentioning the BWA in any way on this site. Any new posts or comments will be removed.
-Ross Murray, Montreal Gazette, 1991
The past couple days have been pretty warm for February in Ohio...which has inspired me to look towards spring, even though it's completely possible that there will be 5" of snow on the ground at this time next month.
fiction story book about the Underground Railroad. Her stories, articles, and book reviews have been published in over 100 print and online publications. Donna has three more books under contract with Guardian Angel Publishing, Hockey Agony, Powder Monkey, and A Sandy Grave. She writes, moms and is the Editor-in-Chief for Guardian Angel Kids, Publicist for the Working Writer’s Club, and owner of Author PR Services.
There are two other Romney recommendations that I endorse – (1) exploding medical costs can be contained only when incentives for overtreatment are reversed, and (b) a tax-swap involving (a) a carbon-oil tax and (b) other offsetting tax reductions (such as reducing income tax rates) has great potential for reducing our energy dependence on foreign oil.
Peak Organic
The initial claim here is that growth is necessary to do away with poverty and inequality; growing the economy means that each and every one of us will see their share of wealth increases as GDP grows overtime. Let us consider a Couscous-filled plate as an analogy to illustrate this claim;
But I would be living in the Caribbean so how bad could that be?
This Thursday 9/23, 6-8pm – Form and Content of Writing with Thea Liberty Nichols, Patrice Connolly, Claudine Ise, Abraham Ritchie & Bert Stabler - Panelists will engage in a casual discussion that examines the form (newsprint, published monographs, online journals or blogs) and content (criticism, interviews, exhibition reviews, press releases or scholarly essays) of their writing. Their individual practices, including the texts that inform and inspire them, will be examined alongside the colleagues and organizations with which they collaborate. In conjunction with Studio Chicago, the ways in which their studio environment, and indeed the city itself, contextualizes their practice will also be explored.
- I was clearing a backlog: 2 of these are library books, but the rest are review copies. None from my shelves this month.
Plug g = 1.27 into the efficiency equation above, assume rv = 10, and you get h = 0.46. Multiply this by about 0.75 to account for real cycle effects (such as the time it takes to burn, heat losses to the coolant, and exhaust valves that open before the piston fully reaches bottom position) and you have h = 0.35. This is the efficiency (given above) of using the chemical energy of the fuel to push the pistons. Multiply this by the mechanical efficiency of the engine, which accounts for the mechanical friction in the engine and for the air (and fuel) pumping work that has to be done, and you have the final, or overall efficiency of the engine. Of course the mechanical efficiency varies with driving conditions. The higher the RPM of the engine, the greater the friction loss. The more closed the throttle (ie, the farther your foot is off the pedal), the higher the pumping loss. For typical US driving, the resultant overall efficiency of the engine is about 20%. Note, your pedal is not really a gas pedal, it is an air pedal! Add the tranny and real axle mechanical friction losses (or the transaxle friction losses), loss due to convert reciprocal movement of piston to rotary motion for the wheel and the drain of a few essential accessories, and you arrive at a 15% fuel-to-wheel efficiency for the typical auto driven in the US.
The dialogue and plot are fast paced. There are no cheesy moments and no cringe-worthy speeches. Despite this being a serious, compelling and at times disturbing dystopian novel the book has light-hearted moments that bring a genuine smile to your face. It is nice to not be bombared with darkness all the time.
Remember that when you go to work and there’s that certain co-worker who drives you crazy.
Well, the silly season will soon be upon us - the shops are already gearing up, with crackers and cards and wrapping paper. It's only October and yet we've started the big count-down.
H & P's artwork: My mother has been an art teacher for a very long time and now she has the opportunity to work with her grandchildren on an almost daily basis with various medium. I love seeing the progress they are making in their use of color and complex lines they're drawing and I love the pride emanating from them after they finish a piece.
"I said it's not her mother!" I could feel my anger almost returning.
He told me he was thrilled to get my text message! He asked about Clint, and told me that he was amazed at how the house was coming along. He asked me about Brian, and spoke about how much he was wandering, before he enlisted, and what a strong young man he is now. He told me that he used to be a radio announcer, and he did a fun "bit" for me, so that I would hear his "real" voice. He explained to me that he was fine; he's "pragmatic," he said, and it was just his time to go. "You sound exactly as I imagined you would," he told me.
Linking up with Yeah Write this week.
Here is our new family member... Murphy.... and yes, I can't just say Murphy... I have to add on. I've been making him Irish... Murphy O'Neal.... Carly on the other hand has been calling him Murphy Brown... he is NOT a girl!!!
TV / Anything plastic / Anything cordless (which is usually plastic anyway) / Central heating / Scanners, printers or photocopiers / Microwave ovens / Anything digital / Computers and for me, at least...electricity.
Ages: 2 and up (all ages welcome)
The Kensington Chronicles by Lori Wick – This is the first historic book series that I read cover to cover in a four-day time span. I devoured those books and fell in love with the characters.
Anthony Mason, for the record, on the Beach Boys. No American band has more top 40 hits. Brian Wilson, Al Jardine, and Mike Love are the three remaining original members of the Beach Boys. Re-united in February at the Grammys. Grammy nomination for Good Vibrations, but beaten out in 1969 by Monday, Monday. Opening Day at Dodger Stadium, celebrating its 50th anniversary. Band formed in Hawthorne, CA. Four Freshmen harmony over Chuck Berry guitar licks. Surfin' Safari released in 1962. Murray Wilson was abusive to his kids. Brian Wilson and Mike Wilson fired him. Brian Wilson was emotional heart of the Beach Boys. "Being scared" is driving force in my life. Mike Love talked about drugs being a divisive influence. In 1965, Beatles' Rubber Soul. This led Beach Boys to "God Only Knows," termed by McCartney the greatest song ever written. The Beach Boys did not like Brian's Smile album. Dennis and Carl Wilson died. "How does a 70 year old sound that good?" You can let the past screw with your head for a lifetime, or you can focus on right now.
Hey Ladies! If you're anything like me, I am HORRIBLE when it comes to creating crafts on my own! But I do like to *surf* the internet and find fun craft ideas to copy-cat.
My voting card for the referendum has arrived, and with less than 4 weeks to go I thought I'd better blog about it.
Somewhat shiny for some reason, and a bit over-done around the edges, but it tasted DIVINE and Sonshine and I ate it all in three days.
Since I knew I was going to dye all this yarn as a single batch, I didn't need to be quite as careful about measuring the dyes. I don't need to duplicate the color later. I decided to start with Vermillion (I use Jacquard acid dyes), which is already a dark red, and add some Sapphire Blue to give it a purple tone. For no reason other than that it seemed about right, I mixed four parts Vermillion with one part Blue. This made a really pretty berry color, but I wanted something darker. I added one part Jet Black, and the result looked pretty good, so I went with that.
WARNING The article contains a couple spoilers about last night's 'Mad Men' on AMC. If you're a fan of the show, come back once you're watched the episode. But these posts are about a specific element of New York history from the 1960s and can be read even by those who don't watch the show at all. You can find other articles in this series here.
Mr. Jeh Johnson and General Carter Ham will no doubt give us that time
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS CNTRL/NRN PLAINS SEWD INTO THE MID MS AND OH VALLEYS…
about 10 -12 peeled raw king prawns, defrosted if frozen
And she’ll keep her house
Your husband: India Pale Ale is just the right thing for this gift. It tells him that he has a sense of adventure, knows what a good beer tastes like, and carries with it the image of the real he-man.
Part of this addiction means I have to stock up on fabrics and notions, there's no choice in this matter you understand. For a long while now I've wanted these heart, leaf and flower pins, but never got round to getting any. Yesterday I finally pressed yes please in etsy. If you pop on over to That Crafty Fish you'll find she has a few etsy shops selling all sorts of lovelies to tempt you like I was.
Tonight, I had a glass of a Galician blend -- spicy and fruity, but not too sweet -- that suited my palate, long ago trained on Spanish wines, just fine. It eventually came with an unorthodox lesson in stemware from our dear bartender: Sip the same wine from the bulbous bowl of a Burgundy glass and from the longer, leaner Bordeaux glass, and you will taste a difference. Science meets poetry as the voluptuous bowl brings out the more 'feminine' floral notes in wine, while the slender glass accentuates the the spicier, more forward 'masculine' tones. These are the kinds of lessons you learn at Bar Covell: it's enough to make a lady blush! (I mean, not really. Well, maybe some ladies would blush, but who would want to drink wine with those squares anyway.)
“I never know what to do with my hands,” she said.
07.The Beast Within
Little breezes dusk and shiver
Into the conclusion of the realistic idea,
Stephen D. Bechtel, Jr.
TSA agents have been deployed to shake down Americans at everywhere from bus depots, to ferry terminals, to train stations, in one instance conducting pat downs of passengers, including children, who had already completed their journey when arriving in Savannah.
St (chuckling): Oh, no! You can't remember. That doesn't sound good.
I don't think the parents minded,
could not stop drinking it all day long.
Total spent $43.25 plus ~$7.50 gas for 45 miles of driving, for a total cost of $50.75.
The instrumentation is violin, pocket trumpet, bass and drums. Plus some extra flute work from Don Cherry and Bang himself. The timbre of the unusual combination of instruments is absorbing - and the playing excellent.
I read this post recently, by a grown unschooler who states that "many grown homeschoolers are wide-ranging academics on the side, but most people are not. That’s a problem."
But a lot of other stuff happened as well! Too much stuff to go back and list, really. So instead, I decided to go back and have a look at the list of not-quite-resolutions-but-something-like-them for 2011 and see what worked and what fell by the wayside.
When he says,
A driving school is offering its novice drivers the chance to take to the road in a Ferrari.
Ah, serendipity it is a wonderful phenomenon. So much so we don't give it it's due--but this am I say thank you to serendipitous moments. Through some wonderful renters for my apartment during South by Southwest, the gorgeous couple behind thinklove.com, I was introduced to Jack Heath, Founder of the Inspire Foundation.
Are you ready to play? If you would like to join us for this challenge, please link directly to your post (not just to your blog), using Inlinkz below. If you are uploading your project to an online gallery, please use keyword 4CCC-65 (eg: Splitcoaststampers, Paper Craft Planet, etc.)
(and it’s true, she did look awesome) “Yes?”
Kids have so much energy in the mornings.
They better pray fast. The warrant to execute the sentence has been sealed, and the grindstone is turning…
You’ve survived the perils of Demon’s Souls. You’re fighting your way through Dark Souls hell. And next year? Next year you’ll likely breeze through Yakuza: Dead Souls, the newly-renamed North American version of Yakuza of the End, as it is a completely unrelated product.
It appears to me that the Joie de Vivre is telling me that you need to stop blocking the joy from your own life. Be aware of how you think about certain things and this in turn will allow you the potential to adapt better to certain circumstances, which will result in a happier you.
A week before Christmas Emo boy declared all he wants for Christmas is an airplane. I was not about to spend another penny or brave the over trafficked stores, so Soldier boy went out to the garage and put this together with the Sensitive child.
8. Starlight Mints - Black Champagne (3:24)
It is sure to be a fantastic show featuring 28 classic rock tunes including “Don’t Stop Believin’”, “We Built This City”, “The Final Countdown”, “Wanted Dead or Alive”, “Here I Go Again”, “Harden My Heart”, “Can’t Fight this Feeling”, “Renegade” and “I Want To Know What Love Is”.
Stopping to buy piri piri (hot chilli sauce) at a roadside stall, only to have it explode like a roman candle when we open it at the table days later, drenching everyone and their food in red liquid spray.
that’s not good at all.
4. Dot on the letter “I” is called “title”.
Howza bout a fun little survey? I may pick the one that is most popular, on the survey, or I may not. We may choose an entirely different name, if one comes to us, but I would sure love to see what you all think of our (so far) 3 finalists:
I called his wreath "wintery wreath" because of its colours. :) What do you think? (I also made the bow on this). As I've said, this project is so easy and you can find a lot of instructions on the web.
Some code/ordinance changes can be simple and not impact the cost to rebuild too greatly; whereas, other changes can have a significant impact on rebuilding costs. For instance, in some cases even though your entire home isn’t destroyed by the fire, new building codes won’t permit you to rebuild a home with over 50% damage. So, if this were to happen – your insurance company would pay for the damaged portion of the debris removal and rebuild – YOU would be responsible for the debris removal and rebuild for the undamaged portion of your home that the city requires to be rebuilt due to code changes.
I’ve read that on Ultramarathons you should (stop and) take on board food… so I tried out mashed potatoes and oats last week… and although they were every cheap to make, they didn’t taste too good so I thought I’d try an energy bar or two. Mule bars have about 45g of carbs and 250 calories which I thought would be good to keep me going.
"Coward wrote the song while driving from Hanoi to Saigon "without pen, paper, or piano". "I wrestled in my mind with the complicated rhythms and rhymes of the song until finally it was complete, without even the aid of pencil and paper. I sang it triumphantly and unaccompanied to my travelling companion on the verandah of a small jungle guest house. Not only Jeffrey , but the gecko lizards and the tree frogs gave every vocal indication of enthusiasm"."
Mariage Frères has been my tea of choice since I started drinking tea in 2000. I was in Paris, trying to go off coffee (note to MP: just cause I did it once doesn't mean I'll do it again), so I took out books on tea from the American Library and learned something. Then I went to Mariage Frères to sniff their canisters. And that's really why I stayed with this boutique--they'd let me sniff however much I wanted, something that wasn't so common to find back then. Quickly I learned that I'm the "unsophisticated" type of tea drinker. Jasmine green tea is about as traditional as I get--I prefer flavors. All kinds of pretty flavors with pretty flower petals and fruits nestled within!
I’m a total tweet-twat.
I was really fighting with myself on this one, as I didn't think the vacuum should go with food.
The special report published this morning by the Central Bank of Ireland may well have perked up your spirits if you’re a homeowner inIreland. The Bank has calculated that residential property inIreland is between 12-26% undervalued – in other words you might think your home is worth €148,000 but the Bank thinks it should be worth up to €200,000. The Bank has even produced a graph – shown above – which shows the degree of undervaluation based on four different models.
"Whatever he does for you, suklian mo. But don't go over the top. Because if you go over the top, it means, you want something else," E explained. "To maintain a fake boyfriend relationship and friends in the future, everything must be equal. If you go on other dates, you let him know, and always ask 'Do u want to meet after? Or how was your day?'"
Therefore it all started …
It’s not the only thing I miss. I tend to be a very big-picture person, interested in grand cosmic patterns and trends, the kind of “If-a-tree-falls-in-a-forest” questions that can drive other people crazy.
Thanks for stopping by Today! Be sure and share this post by clicking the share buttons below! Have a terrific weekend!
These stories above are good and heartwarming and I am glad these ladies were able to get the closure they needed. At the same time, it is important to understand that in some cases these abusers do not grow up and outgrow this behavior. As I deal with adults who survived this peer abuse as children, I have met some who have been able to go back and get the apologies they deserved. However, this is not always the case and not all bullies grow up. Some grow a lot worse and it is important to understand this. I know of cases where these adults are traumatized once again when finding these abusers on Facebook or anywhere else. In one case, a female bully sent a friend request to her former target on Facebook. The former target confronted the bully and let her know how her behavior left a life long effect. Instead of apologizing, the abuser started stalking and harassing this person on Facebook. There are other stories, but due to privacy and confidentiality, I am not at liberty to say anything else. Since this article came out and was making its way through the blogosphere, I have read comments and found one former abuser state she felt horrible and wanted to apologize to her former target. Other than that I am finding over 98% of the comments to these blogs to disagree with these findings.
For more details, see The Moorings website - www.mooringsvillage.com (which really doesn't do the place justice). But in the meantime, here are some of my favourite scenes...
Don’t get me wrong, I need money to get by, the same as everyone else. But money has no eternal value. It is only good for life on this planet. I need to be storing up eternal wealth. That’s where righteousness comes in. It will last throughout the ages to come.
The monitoring teams also witnessed numerous acts of police brutality, such as assault of arrested persons. Instead of merely apprehending suspects, the attitude of the police was punitive in nature.
I suppose there’s still something to be said about holding a newspaper in your hands, rather than reading the news off a computer screen, Blackberry or any of the other fancy gidgets and gadjets that are available today. It can be, as suggested, quite comforting. But in terms of news, I’m afraid the print newspaper has gone the way of AM radio.
The preachers and pastors, I say, must impress this upon such disloyal people, with constant admonition and warning, for it is the truth, and it is needed. But if there are some who despise this exhortation and will not be moved by it, let them go on to the devil, as St. Paul had to let the Greeks, and St. Peter the Jews go; the others should not mind. Indeed, if it were to come to war, I would rather that none of these were under the emperor’s banner, or stayed under it, but were all on the Turk’s side; they would be beaten all the sooner and in battle they would do the Turk more harm than good, for they are out of favor with God, the devil, and the world, and are surely, all of them, condemned to hell. It is good to fight against such people, who are plainly and surely damned both by God and the world.
ruffles potato chips with sour cream and onion dip
And more even than simply inaccurate, I often find it rather insulting.
It’s also totally ok as well because I’ve already warned Brandon we’re probably going to give birth to a baby monkey. I mean ALL of my kids have inherited my hairiness.(Wow say that three times fast.) They are usually covered in hair from the top of their heads right down to their cute little tails…I mean tail bone. Heck some of them have even had cowlicks on their backs.
A couple of hours later I walked into a place to buy an empanada; ´What have you got without meat (sin carne)´, I asked. The bloke reacted immediately ´Pollo - ..´ ´No, no, soy vegetariana (with an apologetic smile)´ ´Ah... entonces (names several types of empanadas, ending with La Napoletana)´ I wanted to know what is in La Napoletana (I have learned to be wary); ´Jamon, queso, tomates.´ ´Qué?!´ not sure I really heard what I heard ´Jamon, queso, tomates´ he repeats patiently. ´Ah, no, yo quiero algo sin carne...´ ´Sí, claro (encouragingly).´ I have a moment of confusion, but then decide to be assertive ´Jamon, pero, es carne!´ He gives me an incredulous smile, and then it dawns on him ´Aaaaah.... Sí...´
I know you've been waiting for the thrilling conclusion to our two days of leisure. Well, wait no more!
Never really picking up the great matter, but really looking for the great answer.
“Come back, Tommy!”
The few that we managed to save, were served (nearly dry) to the sibs, with blackberry mint scones (just like the dandelion scones, but with 2 tablespoons of chopped fresh mint added to sour cream scones, patted out and cut into circles with a glass, and topped with a pressed in dollop of blackberry jam, before baking), and fresh mint tea (hot water poured right over the mint leaves in the tea pot, with sugar to taste)...
11. Telephone Skills: How to Hang Up
4. April Camden Doll – Natural Waldorf Doll The idea of a Waldorf doll, well expressed here and here, is to have a doll that is soft and lovely to the senses, and whose expression (or lack thereof) allows the child to assign it any mood that fits the situation. No pasted smiles, no hard edges.
With all our diversities apparent and hidden
The sale was a great success. We had 20 artists selling their work. Everything from pottery to weaving, fabric "paintings", decorated gourds, jewelry, and more. We were a part of the Grove Park/Ravenwood Garden Tour and had about 125 people visit our artists.
-Wanna come take a Copics class with me? My next classes will be in Baltimore, Montreal Canada, and Connecticut---all the info is up at www.cmcroad.com or you can email me if you have questions.
that my own little world is not about me
“Either you honor all or none,” Kaji said. “How can you draw a line based on survivability? They’ve effectively eliminated 95% of all the affected students.”
It's time to take a step back!
TINSA have released house price figures for January and they show another fall in prices, although more moderate than before.
4. Humor
“This captivating, emotional production will make you want to hug your family and friends and dance the night away. Highly recommended!”
and goddamn it, i think he means it.
2. More concerned in showing how clever he / she is
We shot in the studio against black and white backgrounds and spent a pleasant afternoon chatting and general getting Krissi to relax in front of the camera again. Once she had become more comfortable, and she had seen some of the initial pictures on the viewfinder on the camera, we set about getting some lovely shots of her.
That's huge. HUGE.
I was surprised and very touched to be nominated for the Versatile Blogger Award by Infernal Deity of a Psychotic Mind, a blogger with great taste in delicious men and all things beautiful. My blog meanders through my random thoughts, muses and ideas and it is humbling to think that my words mean anything to anyone beyond myself.
The Single Judge convened a meeting with the Victims Participation and Reparations Section and other involved Registry personnel to discuss the manner of victim participation in the pre-Trial phase of the proceedings.[23] The Single Judge then ordered the beginnings of a “collective” system of victim representation.
If you’ve gotten this far and have your heightmap in the game, congratulations. You’re one of the selected few. You are Dragonborn. But then you’ll want to add distant land to this as well, because all you see at this point is the near vicinity of your character. read the pages on CreationKit.com about how to generate distant land. The descriptions there are pretty good and to the point.
God's Law is timeless.
After you've completed the circuit, unscramble the words as you proceed through the Scavenger Hunt. When you're finished, fill out the contest entry form here.
The cultural experience I had so badly longed for before was now right at my doorsteps. I could see myself developing a completely different social life and having more diverse networks than ever before. Just going to the gym, which was two minutes away, and attending all of their different classes felt simply good. My dream of living in an area that was in New York but did not necessarily feel like New York seemed to have come true. At the same time I did not feel threatened when returning home late at night. That was before word had spread on several instances of rape and molestation around 5th Avenue. Today I still feel safe in the neighborhood, though.
Some other time, huh? How many OTHER secrets is Kent hiding? Stealing Wonder Woman's panties? Putting Ben-Gay in Batman's Bat-cup? Loosening the top to the salt shaker in the JLA-feteria?
Pink sequined sweater, Moda International. Black lace shirt, Newport News. Hot pink tank and gray flannel pants, Express. Ugly black boots, LifeStrides.
Cops: Dad Brought Child to Robbery Watch Video
"American Pie" by Don McClean
Dear oh dear, the scam merchants really are scraping the bottom of barrel these days.
On Thursday April 22nd, from 4:30 to 6pm, one of the biggest rock stars of the craft beer world will be hanging out at CBX to meet beer enthusiasts and sign bottles/growlers along with his book "Brewing Up A Business" which will be available at CBX for a discounted price! Sam Calagione is the Founder and President of Dogfish Head Craft Brewed Ales as well as a highly acclaimed craft beer author and media presence. Our growler station will be loaded with Dogfish Head beers for Sam to offer up his unique specialties and talk shop about his creations. We'll have some Dogfish goodies to giveaway too! See you there!
My own worst enemy? Yes I am. I have set standards for myself that I can’t reach. I feel I must be perfect in everything I say or do or it won’t matter to say anything at all. I rather keep quiet than risk saying anything silly or meaningless. Yet the times when I break free from these standards and manage to speak without thinking too much about what to say or worry about what I’m saying are the happiest times of my life. The times I always miss when I have thrown myself back into the darkness of my own prison and got caught up by thoughts about not being good enough, perfect enough. Feeling worthless, small and inferior in every way possible.
Wyatt on the other hand is my little independent man.
Raffaello, Tiziano, Beato Angelico, Tintoretto, Rubens, Goya, Velazquez, Bosch ..... it was a delight for the eyes and a solace for the soul to see all their masterpieces with my own eyes!
3 bound
And the pump right in the kitchen! And the city! city! city! –
I love using lace on just about everything I create be it paper, fabric, mixed media. I use quite a bit of heirloom lace in my art projects that I purchase online. I don’t find it very often here when I am out antiquing. Chemical lace is my favorite of all the vintage/antique laces. If I am using lace on a fabric project, I find sewing the lace on in layers achieves the best results (and little frustration). For paper/cardstock, I used the good old sewing machine. In mixed media projects, I use a combination of E6000 and Matte Gel Medium.
Me (rather sarcastically): "Oh, what might cause a luggage delay here? The baggage handlers haven't gone on strike have they?"
In the process of becoming giddy about life…ALL the time! Recharged. Re-energized. Radiant. Yup, happy being me with all my foibles. Focusing on health, lifestyle, spirit, and all that intangible goodness!
In among all this foolishness is an ovarian cyst I have been dealing with since Easter. I hope it resolves soon. Standard medical advice says to wait 4 weeks before contacting the doctor. I really don't want to deal with yet another round of medical testing.
We are people who will endure season after season of disappointment because we know in the end, there is a love that will find a way and a love that will not be broken. No chicane will stand. Love wins. And season after season of disappointment will not disuade us from believing.
One of the long-running themes of this blog is how the marketing and advertising world have lost touch with reality .
David Sylvian & R. Sakamoto Bamboo houses UK
The park has rustic cabins, most built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s. We have our own favorite cabin perched on the edge of the mountaintop with a wonderful view of the valley below. We can enjoy beautiful sunsets without leaving the deck of the cabin.
Grubbs recruited by Jim O'Rourke to compose the single 20 Songs Less (Teen Beat, 1993) and the acoustic Crookt Crackt Or Fly (Drag City, 1994). Both are radical works, although of different kinds. The latter is, first and foremost, a study of guitar deconstruction. The 13-minute Work From Smoke squeezes a pastoral ballad between dissonant flamenco picking and the country-raga fantasy of a drunk John Fahey, which then fades into free-jazz jamming for the subconscious. Every Five Miles is an even more abstract stream of consciousness, in which the guitar is consistently plucked at the limit between harmony and noise, the tempo is ever changing, and the tones get harsher and harsher. The longest piece, The Wrong Soundings
I had intended to stitch a cushion cover for it.. THEN at ... Ikea I remembered!
- Way you glide along on that ice you’re like a falcon in flight. – I said, right in his ear.
passage today? How do you picture Jesus as he prays? What does this say to
I also like the Knockout Tournament they are giving us, and now it seems Velvet Sky has moved on to Bound for Glory for the Knockout Title against Winter. Velvet Sky is my choice to win the title.
We had a little pep talk. I showed him that I actually had, in all of my motherly wisdom, saved a few things I knew he might want to play with in the future (despite his insistence, at the time, that he wanted every single toy gone so he wouldn’t have to ever clean his room again!) and the sacks remained in the car.
“Katie.” Ted looked down at Katie’s hand still clenching his arm. Katie let go and dropped her hand to her sides.
The introduction of Hot Wheels was a revolution in diecast toy cars. Any track that had a start and a finish to it, inevitably saw the Hot Wheels cars fly through the end and onto the floor. By 1970 the time had come to try slowing these cars down. Real world funny cars and dragsters use parachutes. Why not Hot Wheels?
Can someone explain to me what the hell is this cuz it looks like it and it makes me sick, How can u be attracted to your own brother/Family?
I will choose to engage in activities that enriches my life and the life of those around me.
Also, how do you have more money in your pocket? Work. You slug your way out, climb up the corporate ladder, do plenty of OTs, just to earn a few more bucks. By the time you get home, you’ll be too tired to have a proper bonding session with your children. Having kids and seeing them only a few hours each day and two full days is not going to help bond the kid with the parents.
4. What do you think could be done to better promote Australian authors either at home or abroad (or both)?
Drag: Do you work on your own?
An investigation into IDT by the Consumerist highlighted the background of several of the sales reps for IDT in multi-level marketing, and some similar sales tactics to those used in multi-level marketing. But IDT, as far as I could tell, paid people commission for getting people to sign up to its service and that was that.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012), doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps005, first published online: January 30, 2012
Each person reading this can probably think about things that have happened in their lives that have changed them: whether it was seeing a friend experience a hardship, losing someone they love, dealing with a crisis in their life, or having a positive eye-opening experience. Each person reading this can think of who in their life has helped to shape who they are: whether it is parents, siblings, friends, or other people who have walked into their life. Each person reading this can think of something they have learned: whether in the classroom, from a deep conversation, or from experiencing something that taught them a lesson. It is these things that we carry with us, that affect who we are. And everyone is different.
i have been given some lovely chook related gifts..too good to use french hen shaped soap and eggs, hand embroidered rooster serviettes and an antique white milk glass hen on nest dish..and recently i found a pottery hen on nest dish at the op shop which i blogged about here..
People are getting very passionate about losing paper and cardboard. Get over it. For us it’s what’s on the pages that count. If you buy a crap novel, the traditional book suddenly doesn’t look so nostalgic.
7. William is VERY stubborn. If he doesn’t want to do something, he pretty much won’t.
Maybe I’m missing something here? Maybe it’s because I sit here looking at my shorts and the stomach that sticks out over them (yes – I should probably go and invest in some proper maternity wear now instead of wearing my regular shorts without doing them up)…
What were Richard III's last words?
Happy Gilmore mixes a lot of vulgar sex jokes and slapstick humor with some incredibly absurd elements. It is the absurdity which saves the film. His grandmother is trapped in a slave labor nursing home run by the hilariously sinister unaccredited Ben Stiller playing the mustache twirling villain to a tee. The famous fist fight with bob barker is the biggest highlight, but it is followed closely by Gilmore’s ’Happy place” featuring the lovely Julie Bowen in her underwear.
Features: Buddha Puja, Vipassana Meditation, Photo Exhibition, Buddha Prabachan, Visit Lumbini Year 2012 Promotion, Sports , blood donation and more
1/4 cup cocoa
But hell what do I know. Chime in!
Now that I have seen my true reflection, I need to throw out the broken mirror!
"The other day, we all went out as a family," she e-mailed me. "After lunch, Ava fell asleep, so I knew of a house close by where I already had permission to pick the oranges and lemons. Daddy sat in the car and read a book. Ava slept. And, I picked 50 pounds of fruit! It was easy. It's always thrilling when I meet new people and they are so kind and generous. That is what makes the world a better place."
Friday night I had the opportunity to participate in a card class my friend Emily was having. We had so much fun! I enjoy getting to chat with others plus see what fabulous things they are creating!
Grinding against him, Caleb increased the friction by sneakily letting his free hand feel up Gislenus’s toned body. “Fuck.“
Being her friend could be fun too. A typical walk in the park became a colorful narrative of the incompetent idiots in her life, who didn’t recognize her potential. Or some boy who she was teasing, but wasn’t really interested in dating. Or some boy shes dating who isnt giving her the kind of relationship she needs. Or that girl across the sidewalk, whose outfit looked like it had been picked out by a blind orangutan.
Sense of the Readership
This, this: no more, you gods! your present kindness
That’s me. That is my identity. So is it ok for large companies to use my identity against me? To use my interests, place of residence and habits to formulate an advertisement strategy targeted at me? First, I honestly think that notion is a bit creepy, but I do think it’s ok given that the company goes about it legally. Look at it this way; we interact with people based on their identity, their interests, likes, dislikes, locations and certain habits such as driving habits. Creating an advertisement strategy based on me is the only way the company as a whole can interact with me. There is no way the company can interact with me face to face or personally over the internet through conversational e-mail. So what can they do? Do me a service. They log what I buy and often I buy it. This lets them help me by giving me coupons for what I buy the most. CVS does this for me with their Extra Care card and I think it’s great. Instead of getting coupons for things I never buy I get coupons for thing I do buy and items related to my regular list. Yes, companies knowing where we live, what we buy, how many credit cards we have and have much we make is on the creepy side. But it’s kind of creepy because they are plugged into parts of our identity. So why are we spooked when a company knows so much when this is the information we readily give to people we know and people we want to know? I give my e-mail out to my family and friends, my parents know what bank I have an account with, my family and friends have my number, Amazon.com knows my mailing address for packages and Linked In , Facebook, and Twitter know what college I go to. We have the choice to not give out our information. The problem is, by not giving out information online we limit our social networks. How many of you could go without your Facebook, Twitter, Amazon or iTunes accounts?
Ethan: I don't know.
I finally managed to get this last card in before the deadline yesterday. I'm just posting now as time is precious for me these days as I'm looking after our move for next month. So much to do and such little time to do it! LOL
The Brentwood Gazette reported the council turned down the demolition plan because the house is of “considerable architectural merit and makes a positive contribution to the character and appearance of the Conservation Area”.
Hops are used to offset malt sweetness, but in Adam's case, a pronounced smokiness in the nose and palate aid the cause. Sally commented on the hop intensity, but I found it more serene--a burnishing of the plummy malt. I don't recall the smoke being this strong. In my memory, it's more plums and chocolate with just an undercurrent of smoke. HotD now uses all-organic malt, and this may be part of the explanation. The nature of the beer is unchanged, but the emphasis has shifted.
They will use whatever they can against us, and as we now know, nothing is too low for them.
I had never dreamed of being a full-time, long-term, stay-at-home mother but have always dreamed of marriage to anyone of any sex or gender presentation who I was compatible enough with, that I could partner my abilities and resources with to sustain a lifelong commitment and family. And, I didn’t always think of this desire as one of economic value or as a safety net in case of emergency, nor did I look for partners that I could trust to offer me either. Instead, naively, until recently, I thought of this contract as one signed with love based on what I assumed (bias) was an “innate” desire for coupling. Of course, it is worth noting, I was raised to believe it was a binding contract and sacrament willed and sanctioned by “God,” and that any non-hetero impulse was sinful and to be suppressed etc.
Expect more of the same over the coming week to 10 days.
They will flit from one beautiful flower to another for the sheer pleasure of the uniqueness of who they are there, at that moment,
* a piece of cheesy-garlic bread wrapped in a napkin from dinner last night
Is it our past that fuels us
So there I was applying my black, water-proof mascara, it has to be water-proof, I cry when I laugh and as I’m always laughing, do I need to say anymore… when I noticed that the bottom ones are longer than the top. Not just a little bit longer either. I wouldn’t say that they were long, the bottom ones, just that they are longer than the top.
Bob and I celebrated our 45th Wedding Anniversary on August 14.
The medical director became aware of Mary's heroic act and he
Before the visit, our clients doubted whether they had the capacity to start new activities, but after seeing how successful their peers have been, they said, “Now that we have seen them do it, we know we can do it too! And, we are ready to start!” Seeing really is believing.
However, the good news is that this ridiculous law does not apply to drinking; the Paladar has a most extensive and inviting selection of rum, which you can while away your evening with in the bar or in the restaurant.
Stay tuned for a brand new trailer and an upcoming crowd funding pitch to get the ball rolling on the sequel! =)
The recipe calls for a 10 inch round cake pan with three inch sides. I couldn’t find one in Williams Sonoma when I was at the Mall of America the last time, so I started looking online for ideas. I came across a video from Chef Marcela Valladolid from Food Network, where she made basically the same cake in a Bundt pan. Excellent idea!
Crayon Sourcils Sculpting Eyebrow Pencil
1. They like to flirt and when you caught them they can tell you that they are naturally flirty. They will tell you that they flirt with all their friends too and it means “nothing” for them.. for this boys flirting is harmless and acting it is different. awh sounds awful!
The Iranian-supported Shi’ite terrorist group Hezbollah has spread its influence all the way to the U.S. border with Mexico, a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on Iran’s influence in the Western Hemisphere heard on Thursday.
I do believe that I will buy this piece before I leave New Mexico or one of the others I showed you here.
16This is what all the meeting of the people of the Lord has said, What is this wrong which you have done against the God of Israel, turning back this day from the Lord and building an altar for yourselves, and being false to the Lord?
Two and a half centuries ago, Calisto Terana lost everything when a zealous priest murdered the woman he loved. Now, desperate for another chance to love her, he wants redemption for the mistake that cost her life.
have in me the yeast of greatness! Greater is He that is in me than he that is
Daniel 9:9–To the Lord our God belong mercy and forgiveness, though we have rebelled against Him.
Nifty to remain range bound between 5500 – 5300
6. Bathroom Etiquette II: His Razor is His
The tactic, which attacks fundamental civil liberties in the students’ host countries, has provoked outrage amongst academics and politicians in both Britain and America. Today, Tom Greatrex MP, a Member of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Malaysia, said:
At Phaedo 93a-94e Socrates is responding to a kind of materialist theory suggested by Simmias. Simmias acknowledges that Socrates can raise difficulties for the identification of the soul with the body by pointing out apparently metaphysical differences between them (for example with the argument from “recollection,” which is Socrates’ term of art for innate knowledge), but Simmias argues that the soul might nonetheless be a kind of “attunement” of the body. This is an emergentist view: when all of the physical properties come together in the right way, a non-physical property emerges, not identical to but dependent on (caused by) the underlying physical properties. Emergentism is a creature of that murky area, populated by refugees and smugglers, where “non-reductive materialism” and “epistemological dualism” share a hopelessly porous border. People who wind up here wanted the goodness of materialism without the badness. Plato’s (dualist) response to the emergentist challenge provides the last link in my argument for a Platonic resolution (I don’t say “solution”) to the problem of rationality.
About this time John and Ashton showed up. Ashton was my cheerleader for 3 of my 4 games, giving me great advise like “why didn’t you move up to shoot those Thunder Wolves?”. All my opponents were great and even though I only won one game, it was a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
― Mahatma Gandhi
Is not the porch of spirits lingering.
When we ate dinner at their home Aunt Becky would ask as dinner was ending how many cups of coffee would each person enjoy after dinner. Then she would disappear into the kitchen. When I was older I invited myself back to the kitchen to watch the preparation. The best I recall she mixed one tablespoon of coffee per cup into a well beaten egg mixture. Then she set it in a pot and it steeped. She used a fine tea strainer to keep the grounds out of the coffee and poured a deep amber liquid that made coffee an art form in her home.
Flander's Poppy
Floor: Gift wrapping supplies. And an EMPTY tub!!
Among the many varieties of Gluten-free Pastas, Cookies, Cake Mixes, I saw a bag of Gluten-free Brown Rice Flour! Yes, this would be an excellent exchange for regular white flour. With the little amount I needed for this Latke Recipe, I purchased the Brown Rice Flour and began the process of preparing Potato Latkes as usual.
I'm even more impressed because I had so much drama with work and interviews and orientations and money. It's been a stressful month. And it was definitely a struggle to post every single day.
I am honestly in awe of these people. If you throw out the fact that most of the girls look like they need a hamburger or three hundred, the cost to produce the clothes could feed a small country, and in the real world what you put on your head shouldn't matter as much as what's in it... it is pretty amazing.
Next time I have a sofa I need to get rid of I’m just going to leave it lying in the street.
Africa Today with Walter Turner
That night I got super crampy and just 'knew' the end to this horrendous cycle was coming the next day. So, I got up the next day and did not take a test like I said I would. To be honest, it was mostly because I forgot, since I was running late for work that day. Lindsey, my boss, picked me up and we headed to the first house. It took all of about four seconds for her to notice I wasn't my normal self. I was quite hyped up, everytime I checked facebook I would burst out into some loud, obnoxious rant about how just utterly ridiculous someone's post was. And then, I posted my own status. It said something to the effect of "If you're pregnant, stop whining about it. After all, there is a little miracle in your belly." Pretty sure it was less direct than that, but you get the point.
Just to let you know what’s happening with us…
I missed his 10 month old post altogether - mostly because I was in Montreal celebrating my 30th birthday but is that really an excuse? :) What I would have said in that post is that is got two teeth and has only bitten me a few times. That he is saying "mama" and "dada/papa" and waving. But all that's old news now.
Some dogs with hip dysplasia do well with weight control and pain medication as they get older. As mentioned in a previous Pet Points article, pain drugs should be given only with precautions. Human drugs can be dangerous when given to animals. Also, side effects can include irritation to both the stomach and intestine or liver and kidney damage. Blood testing is required prior to starting medication and monitoring is necessary when using pain medication.
Excellent Betty MacDonald Fan Club literature and outstanding art support us to see the positive aspects of life.
Loki: I have an army.
I had a package of 20 Halloween pencils laying around the house and thought it would be fun to make some pencil toppers for these and give them to the various small children of my family and friends. I completed the pencils and then made little treat bags with the pencils, some straws, a little bit of candy, erasers and other fun stuff like that. I will post the picture later of all of the bags. Here are the pencils for now.
Forest, the smokers’ lobby group which runs the Hands Off Our Packs campaign, says that government consultations on tobacco are not public consultations but “public sector consultations” because public money and public sector workers are used to mobilise support for further tobacco control measures.
This pie recipe, unlike many, does not need to be stored in the refrigerator.
It’s about environmental degradation, science, our dependence on plastic, the consequences of our attitudes towards the earth. The main character, who narrates the story of his return to the land in rural Nova Scotia as well as a past life spent in New York City in a lab, tends his garden, detached from the catastrophes going on in greater society. We learn, early on, that the world is collapsing because of the loss of certain plastics. The radio news reports that
Next I was on the hunt for some new drawer pulls and handles. I was just browsing at Home Depot and came across these pulls that I really liked. They were only $2.99 per pull, which was inexpensive, but since I had to buy 8, I knew it would add up quick. The door handles were only $3.49 per piece (I got 2). Andres helped me measure the drawers so that I would get them exactly in the middle, and then we drilled the holes. A little while later we were able to screw in all the pulls and bring it inside!
Got a low, low feeling around me
Thanks for visiting with me today , Im wishing that all your dreams come true someday soon and until we meet again ..Ill always be ...just a lil raggedy angie!hugs!
the lack of plastic containers of many kinds has fuelled a drastic shortage of blood for surgeries in most hospitals. Authorities attribute this primarily to the loss of plastic collection bags and tubing. The dissolution of these and many other plastics has authorities baffled . . . . Blackouts continue to plague most cities as the coating on high-volate power lines is dissolving or being eaten. The nylon in gas tanks is being digested from the outside and people are finding their cars standing in puddles of gas (43).
So, this is my first ever post on WordPress and to start with, I need to apologise to you all for that somewhat intimidating picture of the UKIP leader. But on the eve of the Local Council elections, it’s only fair that Nigel Farage gets a shout or two.
Obey City – Work Move
Phone: 309/371-0473
Rafael Gil: The US Treasury gave millions to the banks. The US is helping banks meanwhile they are laying people off. Bank of America plans to lay off 30,000 people. The CEOs are getting bonuses and the banks are foreclosing on people’s homes. A lot of people go to school and play by the book. If you would fast forward their lives 20 or 30 years down the road, many are facing massive debt and homelessness today.
There's a rat-a-tat-tat coming from the trees across the valley, the sound of a woodpecker doing whatever it is that woodpeckers do. The fluffy clouds are tinged with pink and the outlines of two of Dorset's highest points, Pilsdon and Lewesdon - known by sailors and locals as The Cow and The Calf - are sharp and clear against the morning sky.
BY THE PALE MOONLIGHT is going to go up for sale on October 18th!!! That's only --9-- days from now!!! WHOOT WHOO!!!
After realizing there is no way I could hike up to the fire pit in the snow, carrying Owen with his snow suit on, and lug an oxygen tank behind us... I decided to take the stroller. Thank goodness for our super baby jogger deluxe.. it cruised over most of the snow! It was also nice to keep the stroller at a far distance from the fire pit... darn oxygen.
Oddly enough it wasn’t too big a struggle to get the boys to bed after that, and as they settled down, we caught up with Mum, Dad and Colin.
it's a "Big Busted" girl thing........... ( lest you judge... walk a mile in my bra cups......)
However Precedence has it
1 T olive oil
Not that it matters anyway. I'm cock-a-hoop about them regardless, and I'm looking forward to exploiting them to the full for the forthcoming TinTrunk website, not to mention flyers, business cards, signs, badges, banners, fridge magnets, coffee mugs, t-shirts, mousemats - blimey, there's so much potential!
This fel dabbling did indeed arouse the interest of the Burning Legion once more, and the Blood Elves served these evil masters much like the Drow serve Lloth. The problem with masters of a chaotic nature is these beings tend to revel in conflict and destruction more than the prosperity of their followers. Sargeras is not as interested in followers as he is in destroying every world and living thing created by the Titans. The Blood Elves were too lost in their addiction to realize the evil they unleashed upon the world and willingly served.
AWA has a variety of events, including video rooms, a dealers room, costume contest, panels, workshops, an artist alley, and a formal ball.
Not only did I improve my writing I also got to spend time with other people
He said, “Throw your net on the right side of the boat and you will find some” (Jn. 21:6a).
Me likey, trust you do too.
My eldest son has just persuaded me to try playing 'Lord of the Rings' online, so I may not be doing so much crafting if I get addicted to it. To be honest, I really need something to keep my mind occupied at the moment as it stops me thinking of all the things that could go wrong with our house move!
"You're on a plan with THAT handset."
“The swastika is shorthand for every racist and bigot on the planet,” Rabbi Cooper said. “It is amazing that 60 or 70 years later that symbol has not lost any of its potency.”
Using scraps of the yellow paper, I punched out a lot of small flowers and layered them up to make the smaller flowers. The larger flowers were in the goody bag, to which I added some green glitter as a highlight. In the centre of each flower is a gold gem.
Here he is getting
Really....
04. Unspoken
Optoma HD70 Home Projector Review – Affordable Home Theater Projection
From the data, it appears that a substantial defense to infringement is the single best way to defeat a willfulness claim. The low odds ratio for this factor (0.121) suggest that an accused infringer is several times less likely to be found willful if it can establish that it had a substantial or credible defense to the patentee's infringement claim. Specifically, when a substantial defense existed, willfulness was found only 13% of the time (5 of 40 cases), compared to 57% of the time when no substantial defense was found (55 of 96 cases).217 This relationship is highly statistically significant (p = .000).
It makes me sad to see the two countries drifting apart. No, not on the forums – they don’t matter that much (sorry to burst your bubble), but in the real world. Canada’s oil used to go the USA. Now it’s going to go to China. Canada is signing a crazy amount of free trade deals with Europe and the rest of the world these past few weeks. Canada currently trades over two thirds of its exports with the USA, but that might change.
You know, the old lady who used to live here:
Christmas beads and Valentine's beads really stand out when you use Sangre with Valentine - they work very well together. Below, you can see them in one of my latest sets. The stringer is particularly pretty - Valentine encased with Sangre.
Dexter Gordon (Round Midnight)
A chainsaw should idle sometimes too. Like when you let off the throttle, the chainsaw should stop rotating the chain. You see, when the chain is turning you stand a higher chance of cutting something. You don't want it to be a part of your body.
“No one’s Gonna Need You More” is the third song on the record and is remarkably different from the rest of the record. Although the lyrical content doesn’t blaze any new paths, the instrumentation is on another level. The song is uniquely uptempo and plays a nice foil for the much more somber tracks on the record and in their discography.
I also keep all of my race numbers and put them in magnetic photo albums.
Am still gathering information on the ex-pat populaton………….there might be a novel in it yet!!
A long time ago, I listened to Episode #100 of the Diet Soap podcast and it sparked a lot of thoughts and conversations, mostly with myself, about the nature of charity and justice and how to get from one to the other. More recently at Hope Fellowship we’ve been reaffirming our membership and commitment to the values of our little ekklesia . The last couple weeks has been teaching and discussing the value of tithing and sharing. While we can always do better, I really appreciate that we attempt to tackle one of the most touchy subjects with a little more depth, transparency and thought…how we deal with our finances. So, I thought I’d tackle some thoughts from the podcast and current conversation on the difference between charity and justice and why we should all be Mother Theresa.
4) Add glass noodles,long beans, red and green chillies and onions.Stir well for few minutes until dry.
-low to no dust
I think I might take photography classes AND grad school in 2012. Yes, I really am that dumb.
It's a series of rooms and who we get stuck in those rooms with
The idea is this: Ruth will choose ten or so entrants from her 'slush pile'. The awesome agents will then read through the material and choose a winner, who will be the lucky recipient of a partial critique (And more if they love what they read!)
"That's nice, for YOU. We are happy how things are" Insert very big, cheesy smile.
In a way, this is all incredibly ironic. I got this laptop two years ago, when the configuration of the universe was completely different and before things went to shit, because I thought that it would put me in an amazing situation: it’d take me away from windows and at the same time ease me into the transition to more customizable linux distros. It’d be an epic win on all counts, see?
But would she still be the Babe? My Babe. Our Babe.
Taketsuru was every inch the dapper young gentleman. He came from a well established sake making family, had an excellent education (one of his schoolmates became the Japanese prime minister) and seems to have had some presence about him, but going to a profoundly foreign culture to discover and record a secretive industry's technical knowhow would be daunting for anyone. Britain in 1919 was not always friendly to non-white people: the day after his visit to Nettleton, Taketsuru visited three hotels in Rothes to try to find some cheaper accommodation than the grand Station Hotel, but was turned away at each. "Some people were afraid of foreigners," he explained.
and Husband of His True Church which rose again “Reformed” out of the
I made a cake for a visiting friend a week or so ago. It's Dorie Greenspan's Perfect Party Cake. It didn't turn out quite like I'd hoped, but I was able to improvise.
Dear thesaurus,
The first sound of thunder came during that phase of slumber when we tend to think the rumble might have come from the power of imagination, some disturbing aspect in the crumbling edges of a dream. I had no such doubts about the second; it rattled the windows and shook the walls. The even rhythm of the rain was syncopated by harder beats as bits of hail fell against the flat roof right outside the west window of the bedroom.
Dan was ready for a little fun and grabbed his bass player and drummer as he headed for the small stage. The lounge band ended their set and McCafferty told them the drinks were on him if they could borrow their instruments for awhile. Manny strapped on a Fender Strat with a scowl on his face, he was a Les Paul man all the way, but it would have to do. Dan said – “this is Vigilante Man by Woody Guthrie”, Manny played a long slide intro building up the intensity before McCafferty and his band mates cut loose with a roar. Ronnie Isley came up to Ernie and asked what’s up. Ernie didn’t say anything, too surprised at Charlton’s axe playing. A friend of Ronnie’s leaned over and told him – “I think that’s Deep Purple. Heard some of them was in town, those rock bands all sound the same, don’t they.” Ronnie didn’t say anything and took another sip from his Courvoisier. McCafferty announced Joni Mitchell’s This Flight Tonight and then the small room really started to cook. What was originally a soft, acoustic tune had been turned into something sharp and electric. Marvin Isley came over to Ronnie and said –“these are some scraggly lookin’ dudes – but they mean it.” Ernie piped in with – “I don’t dig no Joni Mitchell, she’s too wordy.” When the song was over Manny yelled over to the Isleys table – “that’s how you play fooking covers, make them yer own mate.” Ronnie unbuttoned his shirt and looked at Marvin, nothing needed to be said. You don’t make it in the music business for thirty years like the Isleys on talent alone; they learned the hard way you can’t back down from anything.
On Ash Wednesday the San Fernando Magistrate Court heard two matters brought by Mr Roopnarine and his daughter Sharda Roopnarine Ramsajan, after allegations were made by Mr. Roopnarine’s former son-in-law Damian Ramsajan.
The second single (Dixie 45-1043) is a classic. The flip side, Here I Am Drunk Again is a well known cover of the Autry Inman country bopper. The a-side is a monster instrumental. The intro is all Duane Eddy before moving into Link Wray and Sandy Nelson mode. Does anyone know who the guitarist is? I know a lot of the Starday stuff is Hal Harris but it doesn't sound like him to me. It packs more punch than a jackhammer and if savage rock 'n' roll is your bag, you'll love it.
Here some of my favourite options, going from meeting at the office to walking in the park!
51) I used to have the hots for Ben Stein and Dave Navarro. I know, there's no accounting for taste. The Spouse Sparrow bugged me so much about Ben Stein that I went off him. I went off Dave Navarro when he hooked up with Carmen Electra.
No, you went to visit your GRANDMOTHER. Use ‘Big People’ words!’She then asked Mitchell what he had done
Anyway, in one of the visits to Meera’s maternal grand-uncle’s house in Hyderabad I was introduced to a gentleman who was due to release a book on Indian food and its history over the past 1000 years. That’s no mean feat!
The independent review of stadium costs by PricewaterhouseCoopers is of necessity limited by its price tag of $55,000 and the instructions of the commissioning client, Dunedin City Council. Meanwhile, the ‘independent’ Otago Daily Times is prepared to sit back as a moderate, to cover tail.
The gnostic or arcane/occult view might hold that everything we know and can know is a co-creation of the mind of the universe and our individual minds – that the universe needs us for its knowing as we need the universe for ours, and that that is a continual and continuing process of co-evolution.
At the entrance I was told by a flustered organizer that I had won a ticket (sadly, not a VIP one) and apologies for not telling me – and no, I couldn’t have a refund on the ticket I had paid for. A small price to pay to avoid a PR triumph turning to a fail, I’d have thought – I’d have given out a VIP ticket in their shoes but I only work in PR, so what do I know?
“Cardigan heads east through the night-bleak cities of America. His destination? Zimms County Home for Orphaned Children, the palace of dementia where Dr. Archer, ‘Lord of Chaos’, evilly presides – a trap baited with memories. Fires blaze in the rear-view mirror. On the roadside, ghosts, bounty hunters, mermen, Ghoul Hotels. Will D’if, the talking rat, help Cardigan escape this maze, or do all roads lead to madness?”
My feet are soft like a child’s;
The first cause of most people’s confusion is seeing the “CCP” and the “Chinese government” as being interchangeable, or even mixing up the head of the CCP with China the country or the Chinese government as an entity. The second cause is that the CCP intentionally uses this term in its propaganda to confuse public opinion. A third cause is a lack of understanding of what it means to ban something in a legal sense.
In a statistical analysis written up a few years ago in the journal Democratization, I found that countries belonging to the World Trade Organization (WTO) or its predecessor, the GATT, were more likely to attempt and sustain democratic government than ones that did not. By contrast, I found no such “boost” from participation in global or regional human-rights treaty regimes. This WTO effect showed up in models that also included a measure of trade openness, suggesting that the increased trade flows that membership is supposed to produce were not the source of the association. The statistical analysis wasn’t properly designed to identify a causal relationship, but I speculated that the WTO effect had to do with institutional and organizational changes it spurred within countries seeking to join:
The thing is, he was right. There is something about taking a shower that revives you — getting clean, washing away the dirt (both real and metaphorical), starting fresh.
Petit Bateau is a classic French label, known for making amazing cottons. They cover women well and children/babies. I did see the odd man in a petit bateau shirt but there isn’t a designated men’s line or section. The aesthetic of this brand is extremely preppy, lots of nautical themed stripes, cable knit sweaters, navy and white polos. There was a bit of floral print as well, although this is reserved mostly for intimates. I came away with an amazing cotton navy and electric blue stripped dress that’s reversible. Always worth a visit, and fairly reasonable in terms of pricing (20-150€).
Why why why why, why?
Sonic RushSonic Rush
Main meals run from $10 (toad in the hole) to $19 (bbq pork ribs) but a limited selection are available for only $10 at lunchtime on weekdays. One of the healthiest options is probably the bag of fish, an all-in-one meal of fish, greens, fennel, new potatoes, garlic, lemon and cherry tomatoes steamed in a paper parcel. Unfortunately we find the fish to be a little on the bland side when we tried it.
Bugsy (Ennio Morricone)
He paused momentarily reflecting on the positive experience. "It brought back good memories," he smiled. "I'm happy we gave it a try."
But, yes, there are a few other considerations. Maybe you care. Maybe you don't. Rice spent his entire career in Boston, where he played half his games in that hitter's haven that is Fenway Park. If anything Fenway was a better hitter's park in Rice's day than it is now. Take a look at these two sets of numbers:
You knew your own visions, your aims and your dreams,
“Well,” said Lewis Schaffer, “I don’t want to misquote him. I don’t want to put words into Reg’s mouth which he didn’t say because I want to use it in my show.”
For me, this was a great way to begin. I was able to write without the fear of rejection or wondering if I would get an agent or if it would sell, or wondering if it was any good. I wrote for the sheer joy of telling myself (and my niece) a story.
“Police had confiscated the firearm, which was used in an armed robbery in Bushbuckridge last year.”
You might have to go to the high court to get an injunction ! Just to protect your good name.
I’d have given permission
My dreams at this juncture are pretty simple. I want to create worlds. At one point it was going to be through writing, then I started working on coding to try to create a digital world. Then I got sidetracked by a mud and got sucked into that world instead. Now I’m ready to go back to the start of the circle and see if I can’t make it a spiral instead of a loop. Move forward with the urge instead of simply treading over the same ground.
Speaking of things moving, the Mulligan Stew giveaway is still in full swing, but it is almost over! There are only a few days left to donate and enter. Every prize is valuable, but there are some truly excellent prizes that warrant serious consideration!! If I didn't already own an Ipad, I'd be first in line! I also own a Nook Color (won in an adoption giveaway last year!) so I don't need a Kindle, but you might! Now the giftcards...I am totally into those because you can choose whatever you want. And there are some excellent gift cards in the mix. You can enter the Mulligan Stew Giveaway by clicking on the button on our blog (on the left), choosing a family to donate to, and then notifying the giveaway owner that you entered. It's that easy. We're almost done, and SO many people have been blessed. Have you entered? Are you feeling lucky? Want to enter again?
“During the first two or three years in __________, your skills seem to improve almost daily. It is not about __________, you have that down halfway through ___________. As one of my professors once explained, doing _________ is no more physically difficult than writing in cursive. _________mastery is about familiarity and judgement. You learn the problems that can occur during _________ or with a particular __________, and you learn how to either prevent or respond to those problems.”
ancient breath of incense
1) Sony Creative Software Inc
And lastly, besides the traditional ugly race tee (not too ugly this year) it's got the best swag bag. See exhibit A above. That's a real fabric tote in hunter green. It included: a recycle-this-not-that decal, a Road Id leaflet with a discount coupon, a miniature pen, a travel sized toothpaste & toothbrush kit, and a "Need a lawyer?" magnet. Who doesn't want one of those for their fridge?
To keep on topic, I ask. Does Ephesians 5 instruct husbands to act as prophet, priest or king for their families? Not directly. It uses a metaphor that describes the priestly and prophetic role of Christ. Metaphors are tricky because they are so successful… the purpose of a metaphor is transfer the meaning of one phrase to another. But metaphors are not meant to be literal. To understand what it means, we start by asking what it doesn’t mean. I think we all agree that husbands do not literally become Christ. Husbands do not literally atone for their wives’ sin. Husbands are not the voice of God to their wives. Husbands do not have absolute authority over their wives’ lives. How do we know this? Because of clear passages elsewhere. So, attributing the roles of prophet, priest and king to husband is not accurate.
I guess what’s so disturbing about the situation is that you get a house in a remote location so that you can escape the noise and people of the city, only to have some person show up and you can’t escape them. I’m tempted to never come up here again.
"Patent trolls" are more accurately described as patent dealers because they act as market intermediaries in the patent market. Once the activities of patent dealers are isolated from other distinct problems that have been identified with the patent system, specifically the issuance of poor quality patents and the problem of the patent thickets, it becomes clear that the emergence of patent dealers marks a stage in the natural evolution of the patent market. Patent dealers make the patent market more efficient by realigning market participant incentives, making patents more liquid, and clearing the
Back to people - this week I took photos downtown, walked along the beach, got back into the gym, and generally recovered from "the road". It's good to be back. So now that I'm officially 53 years and a few days old - no break in pace. Life goes on. Fully lived. Much appreciated. And I like to think that there are still lots of interesting pages yet to be written.
“Well,” Mom said, crooking her head, “they’re cubs. Baby cats are called kittens and baby leopards are called cubs.”
Price: $7.99 six-pack
If you've been reading for a while, you know that I've been in love with this picture of India Hicks's dining room forever. We didn't have a place to put a wall of picture ledges in our last house, but here, there are two short walls on either side of the back window in the dining room.
I have another writer in my family, my daughter, Rhiannon Lassiter We are both as parasitical and predatory for stories as any professional novelist but we have a gentlepersons' agreement to check with one another about who uses what.
Its truly unbelievable what humans do to animals to make them perform for us.
At night’s end, as Genevieve recalled that first encounter when I spoke with her decades later, they exchanged phone numbers on scraps of paper. “I’m pretty sure we had dinner maybe the Wednesday after. I think maybe he cooked me dinner. Then we went and talked in his bedroom. And then I spent the night. It all felt very inevitable.”
Some bar I haven't seen before awaits me on the other side - old looking and nothing fancy. In fact it completely flies in convention with the new themed sports bars that are popping up all over London right now. This pub has cosy corners and it’s all wood interior carries a musty theme. No chrome and no neon to distract from some serious drinking and proper conversation. Some people are at the bar.
When my eldest son was little, I’d pick him up from play-group and we’d walked happily home discussing what had happened that day, what we were going to do or where we were going to go or the many adventures of Superman.
It’s the stuff of police states, of Kafka and the Communist revolution and the Stasi-dominated dystopia of the DDR. It is also, experts warn, a damning snapshot of Britain today.
She had called earlier in the week and wanted to do a make-up trial since she wouldn't be in our hometown until Wednesday night. She did a fantastic job and we were done in a lot less time then we figured...which always helps! We tried to go to bed early 10:30 CST which was 8:30 for us. We tossed and turned a lot, but eventually made it to sleep!
Below is my email to Bonnie Plants. I urge everyone to contact them as well. They will not see the need to consider change if they don’t get a lot of communication from customers about it.
LIKE my facebook page. The click is on the right hand sidebar. It's the smaller box under the facebook badge, with the thumbs up.
N: As always this will probably depend on the turnout of the small mammals; they are the classic swing voters and tend to vote for the candidate they think is going to win. Which is confusing as we never know who that is going to be. Nonetheless, we both know that Chuwi offended the antelopes with his ‘all look the same to me’ comments so I think we should be ok.
“Have you set a date yet?” Jim asked. “Letisha will feed me leftovers for a month if I can’t give her all the details. It’s only fair to warn you, she’ll want at least one of out kids in your wedding party.” He stopped and peered at Greg. “Hey, you okay? You don’t look too happy.”
Halye said... I would use this to print pictures, wirelessly,of course!!
A few weeks ago I applied for a scholarship and place at a university in Sweden for my PhD on Plastic Pollution in the ocean. They really pulled out all the stops for me and helped me a lot with my questions and thoughts for a thesis and with OPG and the ocean row, and I’d love to do the MSc and PhD with them. It would also mean that everything fell into place with everything else, and if I get it then I will begin in August, which will mean travelling to Sweden from Georgia. Now on tenterhooks waiting to hear the outcome, and trying not to think about it. I’m never good at being patient!!!
Caroline also expressed her shock at the fact that Moat Housing Association and Brighton and Hove City Council's Social Services Team had reassured George and Diane that they would put their belongings from their old property into storage for them, only for the removal company to destroy all of their possessions, even personal belongings of emotional value, such as pictures of Diane's daughter and letters.
I just HAD to stop at the Graphic 45 booth, now did? Ok, here's a story for ya'. I've been on a decorating spree lately for my house. So off I went to my local HL store to see what they had. One thing I really appreciate about HL is the wide variety of home decor.
Following Nicki and Mary? What did you think of Super 8? Downloaded any books lately? Seen Pirates yet? Only one more day of the Challenge – are you ready? And who do you know is youthful? (Not me – I am really starting to feel my age…)
Next came The Delta Sweete. This took the Ode album on a step - it was a segued, multi-textural album about the south, and maybe her best record. Standouts were Courtyard, a delicately terrifying morality tale of wish fulfillment, and Morning Glory, cheeky and playful, with Bobbie's voice at its breathiest and most sensuous. Dotted around the album were choice covers - quite obvious, but still flavoursome - of Tobacco Road, Parchman Farm, and Louisiana Man. The oak-aged Okolona River Bottom Band had presaged the album as a November '67 single, but only reached 54; Louisiana Man, backed by Courtyard, fared even worse and spent a solitary week at number 100.
In a medium pot, add lentils and cover with water. Stir in tomatoes and tumeric. Bring to a rolling boil and simmer until the lentils are soft and cooked, about 30 minutes.
The shelves, also installed by Dad, hold lots of basket for storage.
Of course, more can always be done to promote Australian authors. Internationally, for example, we should be including writers in events such as the ‘G’DAY LA Australia Week and ‘G’DAY NY Australia Week promotions in America. Authors could also be sponsored to attend literary festivals to promote Australia and their works.
Photo Credit: ART2 CC=nc-nd-flickr.
The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Boys & Girls Club will host the event to help raise funds for the education, sports, recreation, character development and arts programs at the club.
If only she would comprehend how important it is to value the people who surround her.
Hurry up, you have until June 13th to enter!
He added that during his days as a diplomat, it was one of the principal roles of Malaysian diplomats to project the good image of the country.
By now, we all know the story. He woke up Monday morning and just knew in his gut Denver was it. He called the Titans and 49ers first to tell them he wasn’t coming and then he called the Broncos to say he’d like to join their team. We’ve seen the breakdown of the very generous (to both sides) and practical (with respect to the injuries) contract. We’ve seen him stand before the Denver media and explain himself in Peyton Speak no less (if you need anything translated, let me know). But there was one thing that struck me and told me that this was the right decision. He mentioned that he knew there would be a lot of analysis about whether he’d chosen the right team, and his response wasn’t that people should trust him or that this that or the other was the reason why it was the right choice. He simply said that it was now his job to go out and work as hard as he could to MAKE this the right decision. Making that phone call to say he wanted to join the Broncos isn’t the end of the story. It’s just the beginning. He won’t be outworked. He won’t be out prepared. Because remember no one loves his job more than Peyton does. Peyton even got me to like John Elway who, interestingly enough, is funnier than I ever imagined he was. John said at the introductory press conference that his goal was to take what Peyton had already given the NFL and add to it and to make sure Peyton retired as the best QB to ever play the game. Now how on earth could I possibly hate a guy who makes THAT his goal. Denver is excited to have Peyton, and when this whole process started, all I really wanted was for him to go somewhere that appreciated him the way he deserved to be appreciated.
She knows more than you will admit.
Terrible picture, but this is how Hannah insisted on going to Dance Tuesday...all decked out with 3 necklaces, a bracelet, a ring and dangle earrings!! She was so proud as she walked into her class, like she was a beauty queen or something ;)
We are dealing with authorization from the source. And no other band has continued a lucrative career in the extreme music world and made it's stance known to it's own fan base as ACHERON has, before or since Crowley's sociopolitical involvement. If some poprock star is a member of the same church, in general their involvement is kept fairly silent - as not to scare away the fan base. It is not part of the package.
(Mother looks back at the mirror and makes a gesture to Anwaar and Fareda to go away. Anwaar and Fareda exit. Then the lights go out and mother exits.)
A job that actually praises you for having a balanced work/home life.
So let's see....you guys have seen the apple ones, right? So I won't post those again. I did a couple yesterday that I can show you. This one is a "Witches Brew" blend that I goosed with some fresh squeezed oranges, ripened peaches and spiced cranberries. The Witches Brew notes are cinnamon, cedarwood and patchouli. Overall, I'd say it's a little like woods and berries:
somewhat disturbing.
Paradise Cove is possibly one of the best kept secrets in L.A. Hidden away off the PCH (Pacific Coast Highway, for non-locals :)) in Malibu, less than 20 miles west of downtown Santa Monica - Paradise Cove offers a family-owned restaurant and bar ON THE SAND, on their own private beach far away from the unwashed masses and wide-eyed, slow-paced tourists that clog up its more famous neighbors down the coast.
We left on Saturday February 18 for a little pre-birthday adventure into the wildness that is New York. First, we stopped by the very secure, highly private offices of Boingo Wireless (AKA my husbands office) to waste some time before our flight. I got bored quickly and wanted to people watch, so we made that stop a quickie.
I learned to set phone boundaries from being a music teacher in my home. If the phone rings during a music lesson, I don't take the call. Although I am at home, I am working. The student has paid for 30 minutes, and it is my job to be honest and give them that time. I show myself the same respect when I am writing.
And I have my own definition of “befriend” but this isn’t about that. This is about poor confused positive people. They work on something clearly impossible with strong determination, encouraged by irresponsible friends and family members, possibly intoxicated by Glee. If staying positive can make our dreams come true by staying positive, it can be considered a source of energy, and energy converts to another form of energy, and my instant noodles should be cooked by my positivity in just about 3 minutes from now.
Week 2 Sleep: 24 hours (A slight improvement over Week 1, but setting a bad precedent for on/off sleep)
4:00 PM ‘Business Banking Relationship & Services for our Clients’
His father: "Who's there?"
"The functionality of a computer program and the programming language cannot be protected by copyright
Martha & The Muffins Echo Beach CAN
III. II Corinthians 5:14-17 A New Creation
Unless anything changes, this story will swiftly follow the aftermath of the ludicrously named "Arab spring" and the invasion of Libya in the black hole where news stories which didn’t have the politically correct ending the press had hoped for go, and will soon become another of the inconvenient events which the controlled media chooses to forget.
At that point it was the dirty trick to get a fix that annoyed me. I wasn't aware then that Marge was HIV+. He had previously spoken freely of the disease and while admitting his lover had died from AIDS he was always adamant that he hadn't contracted the virus. He didn't seem to care about the stigma of the disease and so I reckoned: Why would he lie? I told myself that that concern was fine, that his crime was being afraid to lose his get-well fix and nothing more.
It is no secret that I enjoy gardening. Getting my hands dirty and watching the seeds turn into seedlings, and then grow into full plants that produce fruits and vegetables, is a very rewarding process.
It’s the year of the Dragon, oh Universe. It’s supposed to be my year. For everything. I’m supposed to be on top of my game, and I was for a while. I professionally choreographed a dance, my idea for my screenplay is a hit, my column is receiving great feedback, I’m in a great favor with my on-campus job, I’m losing weight, I’m cancer-free, I’ve made great new girlfriends, and I’ve had my luck with the guys.
This area would appear to be the one with most risk for Mr Bird. By the end of January 2011 it was revealed that, in fact, the emails had not been lost. The Independent reported http://ind.pn/hSRgAm that the emails were in fact available, and stated that “News International now says Mr Bird unintentionally misled the court, but insists that all the emails sought by the defence were disclosed to it either by the newspaper or the police.”
Rating 63
Sometimes you just never know what is going on, even next door. I guess that is the reasoning behind treating everyone a little kinder than you think they should be treated. You just never know what battle they are fighting.
By my calculations that same woman now hasa full time job (that takes WAY more than the 9-5 a regular old job would have) by taking care of the baby and now does all the laundry, folding and putting away, cooks all the food (he may/may not cleans the dishes), cleans the entire house and bathroom on her own now.
It's a white gel/creme and it dries clear once you rub it in. A tiny amount goes a long way, I barely used any under both eyes.
Of course, another reason for international discrimination against the Falun Gong is that some fear that if they are seen as associating with Falun Gong they might lose business opportunities in China or collaborative programs with the Chinese regime.
Then spring is here."
Prosecutors are stressing their desire to continue investigating the allegations. They say a special deal for the King’s son-in-law is not in the works.
This is all coming together so well that I think--nay--I feel that I must get this shirt for my birthday:
6. Take control of basic parenting situations – it gives children a sense of security. Don’t buy rubbish food, remove all fizzy from the house. Children will eat well if they only have healthy food available – and no alternatives. Be wary of making Owls eat wheat, eggs, dairy fish, etc if they have a natural aversion to them – broccoli, sprouts and zucchini are still fair game – at least have these on the plate and get them to lick the food (it can take 50 or more tastes to add a new food to their repitoire). Have early bedtimes, about 40 minutes before you think they should be asleep. 20 mintues for general mucking around, 10 minutes for story and cuddles, 3 minutes for them to tell you anything they need to tell you and 7 minutes to get to sleep. Our five year old has a 6.30pm bedtime, our nine year old a 7.15pm bedtime. (Three year olds dropping their last sleep are another matter for another blog.) Say No rarely, but mean it. Use “I’ll think about it” if you would usually say no and back-down. Demand the use of manners, and don’t do anything for a child who is rude.
"Ya, because writers get to do that."
I of course knew about Anthony Weiner tweeting about his weiner but I think I just thought 'what a weiner' to put your weiner out there like that.
4 pkg. Knox unflavored gelatin
World Card Making Day was this past Saturday, did you join in? I didn't, I was at my local scrapbooking shop at their 5th anniversary sale. I picked up some Copic markers for $4 a piece about $3 less then retail! That is a pretty good deal, I am told. Because I'm still so new at this, it still seems hard to believe these things are cheap - LOL :)
Councillor Samson reported that there are three things he has been working on: movement of the traffic guard from Creighton and Kemp to the stoplight at Bridlewood; the erection of two flashing signs to indicate the school area and reduced speed (One at Huntingwood and the other at Moss Blvd.); and a traffic round-a-bout at Davidson Blvd or Pirie. The most recent information received with regard to the round-a-bout was that it is going into the 2007 budget, however they must do an Environmental Assessment before they can finalize it. The purpose of constructing a round-about will be to slow traffic flows while maintaining movement on Governor’s Road.
1-7 pm “Americanarama” @ The Basement – it’s always one of our favorite parties of the conference ** Great Bands + Free Beer and hot dogs to the first 100 people **
Eggplant really soaks up oil so I try to use as little as necessary. You could deep-fry these but on the other extreme, you could also bake them. I like the middle road of pan-frying. I make a very fast marinara sauce by cooking up some crushed tomatoes with garlic powder, salt, dried basil, dried oregano, black pepper and a pinch of red chile flakes. It's done in 15 minutes!
Recently my dear hairdresser was burdened with her mothers medical crisis. We picked up a coffee and flowers on route to our appointment. I was really shocked at how down trodden this young woman was. Her beautiful thirty eight year old face was aged, worn and sad. Our appointment was interrupted by many calls pertaining to her moms care. We were only happy to accommodate the pauses considering we could have been cancelled completely.
Whether you're traveling with an infant, carry a large number of passengers seems set to remain as strong as ever, so long as we, as travellers, keep our hunger for travelling as far as possible, for as little as possible. This rise of these budget airlines are not required to use Taxis for local transportation.
So here are the answers from yesterday's..
Legwarmers: Payhalf.
Get down!
from the Latin word "rejoice". Gaudete Sunday anticipates the joy of the Christmas celebration, so its color is a mixture of Advent purple and Christmas white. It may also symbolize the color of early dawn.
I subscribe to receive emails from the universe through www.tut.com. This was my email for today:
The courts make it clear to witnesses that a wilful failure to answer properly will be met with a couple of hours in the cells “to consider one’s position” and if the witness fails to “purge their contempt” then an appearance before the judge at the case’s conclusion for punishment awaits.
1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper
Come take me home again
This week, please welcome Christine Fonseca to the blog. She is the queen of conveying emotion. Her novella, Dies Irae, is both powerful and dynamic. I won't say anymore and just let the week-long interview with Christine speak for her and her works. Since no party is complete without a giveaway, make sure to come back on Friday.
Step 2: Open the tubes of crescent rolls. Wrap each apple slice in one crescent roll. try to pinch the dough together around the apple slice. Place them into a baking dish.
The gulf coast after the oil spill.
Today’s Ladurée—with three proper salons de thé in Paris as well as other locations in posh cities such as London, Tokyo and Monaco—is best known for these sweet and sublime treats. Indeed, walking around the Paris, you’ll notice locals and tourists alike toting the pastel green shopping bags with pride and anticipation. If you’ve never sampled one, book your ticket to Paris tout de suite.
Of course, no one objects to this kind of objectification.
“The thyroid gland will have to be removed,” said Buenos Aires-based cancer specialist Julio Moreno. “The prognosis is very good. The chances of being cured are 90 to 98 percent.”
Grudgingly, one has to acknowledge that there is a small residue of adult behaviour left in The Sunday Telegraph, it having devoted a tiny part of its output today to a subject far more important than the media "self" obsession. And it has the grace to admit that it is far more important.
a beautiful, literary book about writing haiku in the spirit of haiku
"We should've let him go," I might add. "Alpine Rescue could've used his bones as a cautionary tale."
Zymarika Tylihta
How To Create A Great Outdoor Environment
The characters in this novel are complex. While a few of the side characters lack development, the majority of the characters are well developed and believable. You can see the motivations behind the character’s actions, and you can feel the real tragedy of their circumstances.
What types of stories strike your fancy?
I have noticed a bit of a flaw with the Kanban set, the birds don't fit in the cage - you'd have the RSPB onto you if you had two birds in a cage that size! - never mind, it's artistic!
Yeah, not even your mom. You don't 'owe' your parents anything when it comes to having sex, even if they think you do. They may have created that body, but they aren't the ones who are inhabiting it, and they aren't the ones who are going to have to live with whatever choice you make for the rest of their lives. However well they know you, they don't know you any better than yourself. That means they can't make that decision for you. Sure, take into account what they think you should do. Have some respect if they say 'we don't mind you having sex, but please don't do it under our roof'. But they don't have the ability to decide when you're ready or not. Even if they think they do.
year
The interest of passing bees
to other moments and scenes
It's been a while since I let myself get to that raw place and this morning I'm climbing out of it again.
The Environment Assessment prepared for PWCS is an impressive document, but unfortunately we have little faith in it. We have too often seen these types of large projects under-estimating their social and environmental impact and justifying their approval by focusing on the economic benefits of their development.
so, anyone going to play today?
By life rhythm, I'm talking about all the stuff that gives us our spiritual, emotional, and physical balance. All of our lives are either in rhythm OR they are out of rhythm. There are six parts of this rhythm that need to flow together: 1. family/relationships 2. prayer/meditation/time with God 3. work/calling 4. Play/exercise/nutrition (physical). 5. Rest/sleep 6. Free time/margin. God intends for all of these to be blessings but if they are out of sync or rhythm, the results are disastrous. So we all must find that rhythm...which of these is lacking and how can you balance it with the others to find rhythm in your life? I'm working on a new rhythm...hope you're working on yours.
Here is my summary of bests and favorites of the schools we have seen to date:
Even something as simple as an alien invasion of Earth took on an almost "art house" shine when helmed by this man.
My mother is almost 90 now. Frail. Delicate. A tiny sparrow of a woman, my mother still hears larks singing. She still sees the beauty of a red sunset and she still knows the gifts of love. Her life has not been easy. She has lost her husband and her only son, been distanced from two of her granddaughters through the grief that followed. My mother sits quietly now. She no longer fights back. She no longer cries out for me to 'be careful', 'slow down'. She no longer cautions me to be like the others, to stop doing it my way, to quit making waves.
1. I am a new fan of elite level women’s hockey and
And the Lord God said, “The man has now become like one of us, knowing good and evil. He must not be allowed to reach out his hand and take also from the tree of life and eat, and live forever.” So the Lord God banished him from the Garden of Eden to work the ground from which he had been taken. After he drove the man out, he placed on the east side of the Garden of Eden cherubim and a flaming sword flashing back and forth to guard
British politics has got a bit strange. First of all, who on earth is Nick Clegg? Here's who:
Society is afraid of alonedom, like lonely hearts are wasting away in basements, like people must have problems if, after a while, nobody is dating them. but lonely is a freedom that breaths easy and weightless and lonely is healing if you make it.
Money shouldn't always have to dictate form. One can use the same amount of money that as built modern 19c/20c uniformity be it back to backs or new towers , create with a little thoughtfulness and a bit of originality, one can make something culturally meaningful and beautiful
Eyeliner: Dutch Touch – Eyeliner – Nr. 1
Well, it can’t hurt right? Write.
P: Pushy-Yes I can admit that I’m pushy when I really want something!
“Of course,” I replied impatiently, “I’ve been in isolation cells all over the world.” Slowly he swung open the massive door, and I saw the prisoner in that punishment cell: a crucifix, beautifully carved by the inmates – the prisoner Jesus hanging on the cross.
The Ottoman style houses have been preserved and restored. The neighborhood has turned into a tourist area with cafes and chai houses, though many locals still live in the houses, above the businesses.
I want you to always be here
Literature festivals can be enticing smorgasbords. You wander around tasting bits of ideas here, slices of art there. But it is especially interesting when you can sit down to a 3-course, theme-based meal. Sunday's events on offer at the Jewish Book Week literary festival included just that - a 3 session overview of Polish cultural life, as it was, as it is now, and where it might be heading.
Write about your astrological sign.
Advance monies depend on a lot of factors.
NWTC officials plan to expand the program the following school year.
Nov 20 Nottingham Rock City Nottingham, UK
More importantly, the ways we process larger-scale musical events - such as phrase repetition and developments, modulations and unexpected turns - all rely on activity in the same part of the brain we use for decoding syntax in ordinary language. It remains unclear what, if anything, is being communicated, but the old adage that music is a universal language is nonetheless shown to have some grounding in scientific fact.
Crowds of tailors based on Savile Row, protested in front of Westminster City Council, chanting statements like ‘Give three-piece a chance’. The Council who will make the decision on whether or not to allow the retailer to open on the street, stated that the demonstrations would not influence any official decisions made by them.
What's next? Well, I'm officially 100% debt-free, which is, of course, a great feeling. I still have my basic bills like rent, car insurance, etc. but I live very cheaply and well below my means. So now, with no debt to pay off, I have my sights set on maxing out my savings accounts. I have a lot of little savings accounts with very small balances in which I put aside maybe $10 or $20 a month. Now I have to figure out which ones take precedence and I'll try to snowball all of what I was paying for school loans into those accounts, until each one is at a level where I feel comfortable. And then I can go back to the $10-a-month payment.
By the early 90’s, I was married and had a young child. My husband, Gary Golio, and I were reading a lot of picture books. We were also studying T’ai Chi with the children’s book illustrator Ed Young, who often talked about his work and about the world of children’s books. I became more and more intrigued and began to experiment with picture book texts. I joined SCBWI , went to conferences, submitted manuscripts – and got lots of rejections.
I like that they are risky and take chances. This year they did Bach sonatas and a Brandenburg concerto using a piano. Try finding recordings of those. But they sounded great – even if the piano lid stick should have been lower to damper the piano sound which occasionally overwhelmed the others.
then offers it back to fate
door gift - still surfing
Supply requisition records for Company K show that William Washington Knight was was in service in Dalton, Georgia on December 6, 1863. Shortly after that, Knight was furloughed home because of illness. He died of chronic diarrhea at Milltown, GA December 27, 1863.1
Water is one of the best sources of sustaining life. Without enough intake of water in the body, the body will become dehydrated and sickly. People trying to lose fat and drink plenty of water will help the fat to burn quickly. Therefore, it is important that one travel with a bottle of water when away from home. Taking a sip of water every occasionally will definitely help to keep dehydration away.
Hi everyone, just a quick hello and reminder that the Peculiar Playmates Show begins next Saturday, August 7, 2010 at 7 P.M.. I had such an awesome time making these pieces. I hope you all get a chance to view the works if not in person then online at www.bearandbird.com. Here is a tiny sneak peek at what you will see when the show opens. Have a great week!!
And thus I've decided that I myself, am ready for my very own New York City art exhibition, because I do more than just sit in a chair peeing in my dress. I sculpt every day. So do you. And my sculpture is a living one.
What with the 12 noon start and the constant wandering we were flagging by the time the doors were opened to the public at five. We thought that was a good time to call it a day. It wasn't though as were were soon suffering the stifling, crowed commuter train home. We'll just have to stay later next year.
The Diner was quite large, could seat a hundred people and as it was approaching 2pm on a Sunday, not too many people in there, surprisingly. Or not? Perhaps we had been given a bum steer or was the Dixie Diner pumped up too much? Hank and Bobbie-Joe were nervous, but tired. They were here and it was here they would be eating as there were still palpable hours ahead on the road to Dallas. Not too long after that, our food arrived.
I noticed in the Mirror and the Sun the other night (don’t look at me funny, I get paid to read the tabloids sometimes) reports about a six-year-old boy with a huge book deal. Being under deadline, I skimmed the articles and assumed that the real story behind them was something fairly prosaic: a ghostwritten book with a cute kid to front it, the idea of some canny publisher or other.
PSYC 331 - Abnormal Psychology
Charlie freaks out at the magnitude of what she's about to do and Sam has to give her a pep-talk via the head-set about how she needs to kick ass like Hermione (causing Dean to comment, "Way to go, Dumbledore.") It's adorable, but not as good as when Charlie has to flirt with a guard and blanks (due to a combo of nerves and her being a lesbian) and DEAN has to feed her lines, telling Sam, "This NEVER happened." Amid it all was a great tattoo reference--Charlie has a Slave Leia straddling a 20 sided dice that she got while drunk at Comic-Con. Charlie turns up that Dick is expecting a very important delivery (and also that is password is w1nn1ng--ha!). The boys go to the private airport to swap out his delivery, giving us Sam and Dean in goggled bright orange vest doofusness, but Charlie's trapped in the building with Dick. Busted.
Friday, we train to Edinburgh. I am looking forward to seeing that city. I am glad that I will be coming back to Oban. It is a lovely place.
However, spring break week wasn't too bad! It was a bit cold and gray where we were, but we had a good time nonetheless. When we left, there was an extra dog in our backyard. Our own dogs, Baxter and Ellie, weren't sure what to make of the little fella. We named him Carlos, from the movie "The Hangover", which my husband and I had just watched before the dog came to stay a while. My husband ended up having to work the week of spring break, so he stayed home. This turned out to be a good thing, because he was able to put out a sign for the found dog, and Carlos (a.k.a. Buddy) was able to get back to his owners!
But in completing the scheduled work, crews found debris inside one of the basins. In the process of cleaning it up, “several unfavorable conditions were uncovered,” according to a statement from the Parks Department, “including structurally unstable paths and walls that will require extensive technical revision.”
Q: Many readers might hope to get their copies of "Driving Mister Yogi" autographed by the two main characters. Any suggestions?
The purpose of this project is to SEE your loved ones (again). Kelly, like many of us, found herself getting caught up in day to day life and needing some inspiration to rekindle that love she has for her family. I have to say - I've been faced with that very same thing, especially with a new baby in the house.
shot home. But then:
Cindy
Anyway, the end of the bed is my perch when I work on fabric projects, and I like the set up this way, but who knows if it will stay.
Please go visit the new blog, where the first story is now up. Read, reflect, offer support. Share your story if you think it might help you or someone else. Details on how to do so can be found in the right sidebar on the new blog.
Stix 2 dimensional foam pads 3mm
Catalyst Game Labs has done very well with this one.
JunkScience.com recently obtained through the Freedom of Information Act the results of tests conducted on 41 people who were exposed by EPA researchers to high levels of airborne fine particulate matter – soot and dust known as PM2.5.
May 13 - Brgy. Ampayon
The contestants are told to create a well-known dish (I’ll use Prawn Cocktail as an example), it’s up to them whether they modernise it, de-construct it, recreate it in classic form, or add an “ethnic” twist.
Frederick shared with us several quotations during the workshop, including one of my favorites:
and then i will post it on my blog
There is an open house this Sunday, April 29th from 2-5 PM.
One great big shiny bright tunnel ahead. Going to feel amazing.
New bod is what I'd rather own.
Until next time happy bird sewing.
Sometimes though, I just have to buy a book in a shop. I like the excitement, the thrill, the build up of doing so. I like going out on release day and seeing it and knowing it can be MINE. Though sometimes this does backfire, like the time I pre-ordered CoFA from Waterstones, only for them not to have it, and I had to go to the other Waterstones who then had to go find their copies from the back aaand...it was all very traumatic.
But… you’re not writing home.
Given the above arguments, it seems most reasonable to conclude that while Descartes’ arguments are powerful and well reasoned, they are not powerful enough to create the desired degree of doubt.
Okay, get to work. Don't forget when you are finished to store everything in one location for future use. I have one of those large plastic tubs that holds everything. When I finish I put it all back and it goes downstairs on the shelf until I need it again. Yes, I even put a pair of scissors in there. They aren't that expensive any more and you will be glad to have them right where you need them.
The year was 1949, and 25-year-old Marlon Brando — “the brilliant brat,” as LIFE magazine called him following his astonishing work on Broadway in A Streetcar Named Desire — had finally answered the call of Hollywood. He was preparing to film his movie debut in The Men, the wrenching story of a World War II vet coping with rage and insecurity after he’s paralyzed in combat. And while it’s true that L.A. was used to next-big-thing newcomers, it was (and still is) exceedingly rare to chronicle the earliest days in the career of a movie actor of Brando’s intensity, eccentricities and electrifying talent.
02 Catch A Wave
We once had the "Great Debate" between Bahnsen and Stein, but we now have a more recent debate...
Call (512) 482-9002 for showtime
30-something: It needs to show off the good parts and hide and contain, smooth and lift the not so good parts.
And on that note, I’ll finish this ‘rant’. I felt I had to say something. Let’s attack the problem from the angle of the minority who can’t engage in a meaningful dialogue with their kids and who don’t care if they start drinking at ten years old. But leave the rest of us to live our lives productively and quietly and as a community.
“The young man who makes his first entrance into the world of society, should know how to choose his friends, and next how to conduct himself towards them.”
Hello, happy morning, and welcome to The ThINKin' Spot! Today is a very special day, indeed, because we're celebrating the birthday of the very sweet, and talented Angelica Suarez with a birthday blog hop! If you arrived here from the very creative Heather Hoffman's House Built of Cards Blog, then you are hopping along in just the right order, but if you just happened along, then head back to the beginning of this hop at Kathy's blog so that you can start from the very beginning and not miss one wonderful creation along the way! Here's the card I made to celebrate Angelica's birthday, and it will soon be on it's way to her. I know, I know... It'll be late, but better late than never. At least that seems to be the way I roll, lately.
She really put the "fear-of-God" into me by telling me that she felt within 5-6 years I would be a very sick woman if I did not make some big changes.
To date, 32 recipients of the Nobel Prize, primarily in the fields of economics and physics, have been involved or associated with RAND at some point in their career.
After having missed the August 11 Republican debate, I finally had the opportunity to check it out in full yesterday. As a liberal, watching these debates are always rather frustrating and scary, but I feel that as somewhat of a political wonk, it's important to hear and understand (if possible) the perspectives of those on the other side.
It's been a while since I posted a How to Write (Like I do) post. This is the latest chapter I've posted to my on-going tips book CRAFTING YOUR BEST STORY, posted for free at Wattpad. You can find a link to it in my writing and publishing tab.
No, that is up to the court to decide. We have taken steps to notify the court of the need to convene an inquest. So I expect the inquest to start some time within next week.
165×3
The rain drop paper is from Imaginisce with others from my scrap stash. The girl is cut from the Enjoy the Seasons cart.
At the big girls' school parties, I showed up to find Kaitlyn with a head full of bows that I thought had fallen into the abyss somewhere. She finally found them in her desk and stuck them all in her hair! Looks festive to say the least!
Yep. You read that right. I had to go pick up the vaccinations at the pharmacy, keep them in my fridge, and then go back to see her again today so she could stick said needles in me. Lovely. And I paid for two appointments for her to do that. Seriously, if the pharmacy is going to hand the drugs over to me, couldn't I just stick the needles in myself? Because, yes, the needles do come in the package that was given to me. Luckily, my fear of needles will always prevent me from sticking myself with them, but still...
Follow every rainbow,
- Harold Lloyd died 6 years ago;
So now, what are the policies and regulations for the practice of ART, registration and marketing of ART products in African countries, if any, and where can they be located?
When I was in high school, I had a couple of boyfriends. Nice boys who were afraid and confused like me. Nice boys who were able to see past my shit and try to insert themselves into my life despite the Roger Waters-esque WALL I built around myself to keep them out. They kissed me, they gave me tokens of their affection, a few brave ones even told me they loved me…Poor boys. I wanted nothing to do with that. I wanted nothing to do with “needing” and “loving” and “forever”. Oh hell no. Life was too unpredictable and scary to let someone take me from me. No flipping way would I let some boy in and let him have access to me. No way.
To that end, he said, he had instructed all pastors and youth-group leaders to no longer schedule sports games and practices on Sunday mornings, which he said were major diversions.
“What??!!!” I replied.
“No. This is serious. You assaulted a team member. I’m not about to let that slide.”
Dillinger & The Upsetters - Mid-East Rock
Desire, danger, intrigue, and steamy seduction unite a sexy spymaster and an intrepid bluestocking as Stefanie Sloane’s luscious new series continues.
Well, it's 8:30 on a Sunday... beautiful out, sunny, breezy, cold... A perfect late winter New England day.
Secretive. Unpredictable. Because this contradicts the honest/heart-on-sleeve aspect (see below) it seems bizarre that I could possibly be secretive. But I've been able to really surprise people more often than you'd think. I play my hand close to my chest, it seems, without being aware of it.
Ow, he thought. What am I doing outisde? Why am I coverd in glass?
I don’t live out what I say I believe. I fail. We hear “be the change you wish to see in the world,” and then we just go on listening to nice slogans and not changing a thing except reciting the same slogans that aren’t changing a thing.
Family Of Intelligence - Learning From My Brother (Kemet)
Jean-Louis Barrault Les Perles de la Couronne
5. Will the Sebastian Hardie reformation and recording of ‘Blueprint’ lead to further recordings and a full tour (or will we fans have to wait another 36 years?
You can win two prizes, one winner will be chosen at random from the entries and will win a $5 gift certificate to the Phindy's Place Store and one entry will win Card of the Week with the creator also receiving a $5 gift certificate. Don't forget that once a month we will choose an overall winner from the weekly winners and they will be offered a Guest position on the DT - and of course a free image from Phindy's Place to use for that week's challenge!
We must say a big thank you to Kinderland, another community organisation that shares the burden of helping marginalised Indonesian children, for working with us to help make our dream of the Smart Cart come true.
impRRoov the appeeRents uv the citay.
Mysterious keys
Well of course we shall accept that! It is without doubt true. However it does not explain anything at all. When the baby is born, this wiring is not really in place. The neurones are all there and they are getting ready to make the connections. It is quite true that in the case of children with ADHD or dyslexia the wiring is sometimes, although not always, a little different. How did this come to be? Was it a predetermined response to the genetic instructions or was it caused by the first years of life and the lifestyle of the developing infant? Or, which is far more likely, was it a subtle combination of both? Might it be that the newborn baby had a slight inclination in a certain direction, an inclination which the early environment might bring out and allow to flourish?
SLAYER will play the entire “Seasons In The Abyss” album.
I just had to share my devotion from today out of "His Princess Warrior" by Sheri Rose Shepherd
"All games I played while researching The Secret History of Kate Bush, an absurdist experiment to see how far the rock bio could be stretched without snapping. I adopted the persona of a mad professor so obsessed that he traces Kate Bush's genealogy back to the Vikings. And I also stalked the woman, as a phenomenological acting out of that uneasy and twisted boundary between fascination and obsession. Oddly (or perhaps not), the book became the bestselling bio of that singer. But what most struck me was how straight were the readings people made of this text. I still find discussions on the Internet debating whether "I" was "really" obsessed with Kate Bush, as well as allegations I not only had an affair with her, but that while researching her life I ran over her cat.
-Explore the world! Get Hillock's save spot or check out Canthus Castle with the metal slimes that spawn around it.
So before we even get to the actual film, how about the Netflix envelope? This movie is so half-assed and confusing that even the envelope it comes in from a movie rental service is apologizing for it, admitting that it is so stupid that nobody could for even one second find it credible. These are the words, printed verbatim from the outside package, that come with Highlander 2: “This sequel to the cult sci-fi action film largely discards the original’s premise of mysterious immortal swordsmen, revealing Connor McLeod and Juan Sanchez Villa-Lobos Ramirez to be long-lived aliens.”
On April 19th 2012 I attended International trade Seminar at WORLD CHAMER OF COMMERCE at 200 Peachtree. The founder of the Chamber is Solange Warner – an amazingly strong and visionary woman who cares most about standing up against human traffic.
Like so many of our neighbors and friends, Mr. Savage would have us believe that his inability to believe is based in logic. He reasons that the Bible and those who follow it (including his mother) are grossly illogical, thereby blockading the enlightened from believing. But even in his memoir he tips his hand, showing that his unwillingness to believe really lies–as it does with every human being–in self-righteousness. When Mr. Savage entered the gay lifestyle, instead of being worried about hell or concerned with the church’s teaching, he simply assumed they were wrong. The doubts trickled in and then raged from that point. A person’s unwillingness to consider that they are wrong at the deepest, most foundational levels, is what keeps them from trusting Jesus. As Jesus put it, “It’s not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick.”
The crux of the show, however, is not the photographs. For as good as they are, we’ve seen this work before. The centerpiece instead is three mini-stadiums built out of plywood. Two have voyeur holes. One is completely closed.
Or weeding in the garden,
- I say: I’m liking Yoren and his dagger skills. Davon is pretty cool as well.
How to:
Today's card is the next in my series of 4 for the baby boutique I make cards for. This one was REALLY simple to make, but I think it has a big impact. The different patterned papers were cut to 2.5" x 1". I arranged them in a chevron pattern and added the felt letters and bling to the bottom. Way easy!
~ Let not the wind steal dignity ~
So I’ve decided that because of school and busy schedule and all I am not going to regulate when I post. I find that it often leads to more stress and I end up missing the time I said I would post. I will try to post at least once a week, though.
And to you Fathers out there, OBVIOUSLY I'm kidding. We do need Mother's Day.
STO: I saw on your myspace player that "Love Is A Dream" was a song from a demo. Why was it used on this album and not the debut? Are any older songs likely to appear on future albums?
say that they were snotty, they weren’t. Nobody had high-tech security systems; they trusted their
He moved on to saying that he was happy to see the NEA come and happy to see it go. Because Nixon, he generalized, ruined everything by tripling art funding. This was bad because it cut out the dealers and the artists and promoted the institutions. This was the advent of “non commercial art” that can only exist in a museum.
When my mom offered to babysit earlier in the week, he couldn't get onto Open Table fast enough.
I know that Omlette has a giant fear of zombies, and this would be a good exercise for him in case of a zombie apocalypse.
Every marriage relationship goes through a valley now and then. It is during those times that a husband or wife is more vulnerable to compliments or attention from someone of the opposite sex. Be careful! Realize that you’re vulnerable and flee the situation as soon as possible.
You are,
Hulk issues an “Open Fight Night” when an outside comes out to fight, if Hogan and his 3 hand-picked judges like the guy, he will get a TNA contract.
JM: Is there any lasting aesthetic influence of the Children of the Plumed Serpent?
It’s true that the month of Ramadan brings a Muslim much closer to Allah and opens a door to a much simpler and more humble way of life. Many of us enter this month with the intention of strengthening our Imaan and becoming better Muslims yet at the end of Ramadan we once again forget the suffering of our brothers and sisters around the world and indulge heavily in worldly desires.
“Come here, Max and Sparkie – come fetch your new ball! !”
Like you are stripped somewhat of your childlikeness naivete of a loving God at this moment in the gospels.
So that in all things, as is aforesaid, the Unity in Trinity and the Trinity in Unity is to be
Probiotics - I think we all know that they are good for us. Research has shown that probiotics are beneficial and even necessary for good gut health. Just google probiotics and there are tons of articles and studies out showing the importance of them.
In case you have not heard, the new Summer blockbuster will be The Dark Night Rises, Batman film premiering soon. My youngest will not be seeing it, however he still loves Batman. Every so often he looks at me very seriously and says "I'm Batman".
Meanwhile, I have been adding an applied i-cord edging to this throw. It is knitted from scraps of sock yarns from the idea on Mason-Dixon Knitting. I had never tried the i-cord edging before but it made a neat finish. One of those mindless repetitive tasks in which knitting induces a meditative trance.
But her Mum was in heaven, there was no-one to love her
On the other hand you never know when you might find a kindred spirit among a shelf of old books. I have more in common with Edward Thomas than with 90% of my contemporaries . I love his poetry but have a greater affection for some of his prose. 'In Pursuit of Spring' is a wonderful book, as is 'The South Country' - the story of the clerk who spends every summer working on the land expresses perfectly the rootlessness of modern (sub)urban life. Thomas befriended, championed and looked after the poet WH Davies, whose 'Autobiography of a Super-Tramp' I picked up the other day and read mostly in one sitting. Published in 1908 and written in simple, unsentimental prose, it is a frank account of a youth most people would consider misspent. The particular edition I found was from Jonathan Cape's Traveller's Library of the 1930s, and it looks, feels and smells as if a tramp had been carrying it around for a while.
So, because I have half an hour time left, before we eat lunch, I thought, I would like to update here a bit.
HarperTeen
He said she was demanding and rude and wasted time in the middle of a crisis.
right now I’m really excited and am trying hard to sleep so that I don’t have dark eye rings tomorrow. guess I’m getting more and more sleepy as I type this entry on my iPhone. time to rest…
Isn't that beautiful? I wish I'd thought of that. The essence of both "progressives" and the city of San Francisco encapsulated in one simple sentence.
When I were a lad, I did not start in my teens - unlike many of my contemporaries - as I did not have school dinner money to re-appropriate for the habit, as I was a picky blighter who took a packed lunch to school instead. My eating habits have improved since, and I've also smoked the odd tobacco product.
Super work again ladies - you do me proud!
The hair i am wearing is one of the latest releases from Truth. It is rigged mesh and it reminds me SO MUCH of the very first ever hair i bought from Truth 2 years ago so I had to have it! The dress it a new release from Valentina E and it is becoming one of my very fave mesh stores in world! Beautiful!
Ben-Zion Netanyahu was eulogized by many as a great scholar, intellectual and ideologue of unwavering principles. Education Minister Gideon Saar said Ben-Zion Netanyahu was a “Zionist in every fiber of his being” and a man who saw with “clear sobriety the dangers facing our people.”
What was your fourth best memory?
Eric Metaxas, who wrote Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy, gave a speech on February 2 at the National Prayer Breakfast that really points out the difference between real Christianity and go-with-the-flow Christianity:
the lion of the Punjab
Next Steps
With that demand, comes the responsibility that we tell the truth first, in ourselves. Too many of us delegate our responsibility to the media…and too many believe there is no personal responsibility at all.
For the bodice I used the e50-whites. Notice how brown they look? Much more brown than when I colored them above. Its because of the skin being more yellow-orange. It changes the way we see the white. It's the same thing with the socks--they look much more white than the skirt, even though I used the same colors. The skin tone changes how we see the white of the socks.
3. Speaking of doctors, even though I am a doctor myself, I get really nervous whenever I have to be a patient and go see a doctor myself. Like….really nervous. I have this fear that whenever I have something that is bothering me (like my continuous sinus infections), it will turn out to be nothing real and I’ll look like the biggest hypochondriac and/or wimp.
Andrew Lynch
7) ZOMBIE – The Big Guys
14kg Weyermanns Pilsener malt
I would tell Rose what I want and sit still, watching the employees take out trays of food. “Can I have a Pepsi, Rose?” I ask Rose. Rose get up and takes the liberty, herself, to get the Pepsi. I would sip happily through a straw and wait for the bread and butter. As soon as it’s set down, I’m eating a piece of it already.
I don’t have to think.
5 please
The Sword Masters are the main combat force in the list. I plan to keep these guys protected by Glittering Robes and Shield of Saphery. Banner of Eternal Flame for the pesky, regenerating things. (For anybody who saw the list pre-revision, the two units have been merged and they have the Icon to protect against war machines).
Caves. Bungalows. Light houses. Cages. All have made appearances on former episodes, and all would send me into a full-on, can’t-breathe-must-die-now panic attack.
But, the other drugs for autoimmune disorders have worse side effects, and since there isn't anything life threatening going on, my rheumatologist doesn't want to try them. She does however, want to try a drug that is sort of experimental for my condition. It's approved for other things, but not for immune disorders, which means Medi-Cal is going to fight to not pay for it...but if we can convince them that it could be useful I will be going off the prednisone and trying this new drug.
1957: Crowd gathers. Mark wins. Johnny and Mark shake hands and end up buddies.
The layout is of my nephew, Jimmy, on his birthday this past year. I don't get to see them because they are in Florida, but, in less than 24 hours, I will be with them!!!
One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things. ~John Burroughs
GINGRICH: Well look, I think that first of all, you should control the border, which I have pledged to do by January 1, 2014. You should fix legal immigration in terms of visas so people can come and go easily — more easily than doing it illegally. You should also make deportation easier so when you deport people who shouldn’t be here. The 13 gang members, for example. It should be very quick and very clear.
Then I will line up and wait through the torturous moments for the gun to be fired, and then kick into high gear, fighting to find my place in the pack (or away from it), my specific pace and getting a feeling of how my body is doing ; the rest is just pacing and mind games. I’ll walk through the entire route in my mind, imagining each turn and hill and straightaway, and when and where I’ll turn on the juice, hoping that my new Kinvara3s will propel me to greatness.
Sonja:In Acts when he is talking to the jailor…how do you explain those away?
And, if he dies, I'll never know!
The DEIS describes “a largely abandoned-looking area of Brooklyn,” though that doesn’t acknowledge some of the organic redevelopment that had been occurring, but was stalled by the Atlantic Yards announcement and acquisition of property by the developer. It states: "The blighted conditions appear to be limited in large part to the project site itself." That likely will be used by DDDB's lawyer to support the "artificial construct" claim.
Edit: Additional beers as they roll in.
Have a happy Sunday! We are having a wedding shower for my cousin and his fiancee. I spent part of yesterday making a yummy cake for the shower. I used a very easy recipe from Kevin and Amanda. Love their site!
The “Vasaloppet” ski race went ahead today. From the start at the small village of Sälen down to the finish in the town of Mora, 90 km of cross-country skiing on a beautiful winter Sunday. 17.000 people at the start and a Swede was first to cross the finish line. 4 hours of skiing at high-speed. This race is a Swedish tradition from way back. This years race is the 86th in order and there’s no sign of an end for this competition anytime soon. Only thing that can stop it is if the climate change will bring on too warm winters with not enough snow.
300 comments
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until cake has risen to top and is puffed and golden.
There wasn't any thought to make these groups every other month? Or try to adjust it a bit to make it more cost effective? Nope, it is on the chopping block. Has management even thought about attending one of these groups to see what is going on in it? Or talk to parents about what they get out of 2 hours a month?
but whatever. i’m toasting to a good year ahead, seeing as i’m leaving school in less than ten weeks, and i’ll be getting my license at the end of the year (damn freaking right i’m getting it, there’s no what if! because then i’ll have to maybe, say, commit suicide), and hopefully enroll in a good college and start living life :) i’m also toasting to good maggi gorengs and ramly burgers, 7-11s, pavillion and de haven; miniskirts and high heels, all-year-long summer weather, chivas and vodka, sticks and stones, and old and new friends.
Also, something to keep in mind, cyanobacteria (often wrongly called an algae) does the reverse of this and converts gaseous nitrogen back into ammonium or one of the nitrogen species for use by itself and/or plants or true algaes. So if you have a cyano outbreak, all the nitrifying and denitrification bacteria in your tank are just keeping up with the cyano and not doing anything with fish waste, uneaten food, etc.
“12 Angry Men: From TV to The Big Screen” features film scholar Vance Kepley talking about how it went from a teleplay to film. Rather fittingly, he briefly gives the origins of 12 Angry Men and its numerous adaptations over the years. He talks about the challenges of working in live T.V.
This week at Gingersnap Creations during the month of March's focus on family the challenge is Border Punches #GC142. This card is for my daughter, my little sweetie pie who used to wear bunny ears around the house at Easter time when she was little!
Clearly, there are many more jobs that involve some higher degree of risk than there are those that involve little or no risk at all.
*you don't need children to take part!
I drained the water, and refilled with warm water and let them soak a bit more. They are soaking now... I will go check on them in a moment, and then squeeze out the water, and hang them up to dry.
#1 ~ Jet Black Archival Ink
If RFC is “convicted” in relation to this matter, then as this would date back over a number of years, it would be a very difficult decision for the football authorities. It would actually suit them, to be frank, if RFC was in liquidation by then.
In repsonse to Racaire's request for more project postings, I'm sharing my contrinbution to the Estrella Gift Basket.
I've always loved the more eastern influenced Regency looks, like the ones in the movies Immortal Beloved and Vanity Fair, so much more fun than yet another boring white "nightgown" dress, IMHO. So when I decided I wanted to make a new open robe to cover my, um, boring old white "nightgown" dress, I wanted to go exotic. This fabric was originally ordered for a Polonaise but once I got it seemed a little more Regency than Georgian and it also had a much softer hand than I'd anticipated, so Regency it is. The front under vest part is a remnant from my "Water" Victorian fancy dress costume that was in the stash, and the trims are all on-sale trims bought from Jo Anns ages ago. I'm already starting to think of this as my Regency Belly Dance Costume - LOL!
ROMNEY: Well, the reason that there’s not peace between the Palestinians and Israel is because there is — in the leadership of the Palestinian people are Hamas and others who think like Hamas, who have as their intent the elimination of Israel. And whether it’s in school books that teach how to kill Jews, or whether it’s in the political discourse that is spoken either from Fatah or from Hamas, there is a belief that the Jewish people do not have a right to have a Jewish state.
I couldn't help but be in the snowman mood as it is really blustery outside today. No snow...thankfully but the winter feeling is in the air.
In fact the audience was amazing and helped to make it a perfect night out!
Theme: Randomly Picked Soup (vegetarian)
Really? Is forgiveness all about you? What did Jesus say about forgiving people who sin against you?
But I suspect that that is not the real reason at all. The real question is why more don’t seek such training.
Thanks for understanding everyone! AND look out for the BIG reveal!
From the solar systems of the heavens
One of the things to consider is the upgrades or renovations that you may have made to the property. While making improvements to a home can be a good thing, there are some additions that can make or break your property’s resale value.
Soul Clap - Love Light
The streets are filled with smoke, the stench is horrendous. The Government has sent out the national guard, whats left of them any way to burn the infected in hopes of containing the disease. For all we know we’re spreading the disease faster by burning them. The living death they are calling it, a wasting disease that rots you from the inside out. Your organs shut down, your muscles atropine, and your body dies, but your mind, your mind continues to function locking you in the unending agony and mental anguish of death. They say its the only humane way to end their suffering, but I think we’ve lost our humanity. I witnessed one of the burnings, a young woman about nineteen or twenty, withering in agony silently screaming as the flames ate away her flesh. I couldn’t bear it, I still can’t. Even now when I close my eyes I see her face contorted in pain. It took the medical profession months to realize what was happening. I tried to warn them, so we could contain it before it got out of control, no one listened. Now they’ve shut down the hospitals, abandoning people to suffer whether they have the disease or not. The epidemic has reached Europe now, Governments have started closing its boarders. People are hiding in their homes afraid to venture out.
worn
These bigfoot-like animals have the digestive systems of omnivores, but can adapt to a steady diet of beer, pizza and chicken wings, which make up the majority of their diets, during the 5 month football season. Seeing that they are deprived of freshly baked goods, my bait of choice is the Blueberry "boy bait" cake. With a tender, buttery crumb, this cake is 95% effective in catching the football head of your choice.
Reports take between 4 to 6 weeks – I know, it feels like forever but I have to work around my my full-time job! I always update as I go along so clients know what to expect. I give an initial estimation as to when I will start reading, and when I aim to have the report completed. I often have to ask for more time as I go along but the reports take a very long time to assemble. I would rather not rush and deliver something of high standard.
By way of comparison, independent (private practice) midwives value the strong commitment they make to individual women, and very rarely ask another midwife to take over. The 'employment' arrangement is a private one, between the individual woman and her private midwife or midwives.
his life changed completely after that he moved out of his house
Once it is tabled, it has to be approved by the Dewan Negara, which means the session will drag on until next year.
-A series in which I argue that the women’s pictures of the 1930-50s are better in their overall depiction of women versus the modern equivalent (the chick flick). I will compare and contrast a classic women’s picture to a recent chick flick who share similar themes and story arcs to support my point. First up will be Dark Victory (1939) versus Sweet November (2001)
*Joseph started working in Brigham City in June 2011. He worked 2.5 days a week and was looking forward to being busy and buying a practice in our "home town"
Larry Sagers wrote an article called "Vegetable-gardening-101" in the Deseret news that I noticed separates the crops a little differently. This is an excellent article and very helpful to read as well. He is more specific - grouping the items from the leaf and root crop category into hardy and semi-hardy.
into a wounded kiss spurned.
Miracle Fortress – Was I the Wave?
“For behold,” He says, “I and the children whom God hath given Me.”
and he's using me as a test dummy.........
The sentiment is from Magnolia. I love it,
Those two days were really nice, and the gig was awesome. Can't wait for the next one !
Probably not a HUGE surprise why I’m posting this but here’s the latest from Diana Gabaldon and her next release – THE SCOTTISH PRISONER, due out Nov. 29. I might get it because she’s been working on it for so long and it sounds interesting. Plus, it includes a preview from the next OUTLANDER novel. (Not this excerpt — the book!) This is from her blog.
Therefore last saturday was the perfect opportunity, when a dear friend of mine celebrated her birthday/farewell party, as she got a job in Miami (grrrrrrr…!) and had to move away from Amsterdam. And so I dove in the kitchen to make this monstrous chocolate cake. This recipe is surprisingly easy to follow, and has three stages. to make sure my cake was big enough for this occasion, I used 1,5 times the ingredients and used a 28 cm bakepan. and it was big alright! what do you expect with almost a kilo of sugar (or maybe a bit more) and a small mountain of butter… when you’re making it you think “I’m not gonna take a bite of this now that I know how much is actually in it).
Accordingly, the proposed rules state:
“How are you doing, Bertie,” Reginald asked finally. “Are you tired?”
The hurt, the blame!
The first time a student asked me that question, it took me a while to figure out what, exactly, he was asking me. Eventually I realized he was asking me why I, an adult, would read books written for middle grade readers. That was answered easily enough. Middle grade books are fun! At least the middle grade books I like to read are. They have plot. Things happen in them. The characters have amazing adventures.
(wedigboats = we dig boats. Get it?)
House and the team take on the case of a 22-year-old minor league hockey player who collapsed while coughing up blood after a fight on the ice. Meanwhile, House drops a bomb on Wilson, and Chase offers to help Park change her living arrangement in the “Gut Check” episode of HOUSE airing Monday, April 9 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on FOX. (HOU-816) (TV-14 D, L, V)
“Until I can give you something better.”
Fall is here and that means one thing. Cross Country season is upon us. It was a great summer of Track and Field. All of the Gala League meets were televised as well as others, great World Championships in Berlin. Good times, literally. Two Americans, Dathan Ritzenhein (12:56.27 New AR) and Matt Tegenkamp (12:58.56) , broke 13 minutes in the 5000 in the span of one week. 3 Americans (Evan Jager, German Fernandez and Chris Derrick) all no more than 2 years removed from the American High School system ran sub 13:30, all before they are old enough to drink a beer in a bar.
I haven't had any time to play with it so I can't tell you any more than that I received it. I hope to take it up to my Mom's in the next week or two for her to try out.
Here's a pertinent and very telling quote by McCain:
I loved seeing all the different formats people tried
Men by norm have fewer accessories than women. The same is true for both formal and casual wear. So on average, a man can wear a wristwatch, a ring, maybe a bracelet or a necklace (rarely), and a belt buckle. These go well with a typical suit. They look neat and create some sort of balance. Anything more than that can be considered overdressing.
The randomly chosen winner of last weeks prize is:
Let’s cut Tejada some slack though. He’s a young dude who is making probably close to league minimum and has to come in from Panama as well. I’m sure there are other players who are coming in from great lengths, but I’m willing to give him the benefit of the doubt for some reason.
There was a party at the crackhouse. Our other roommate was hosting, so we pretty much just observed its existence. At probably about 2am, we decided to hit the hay. The next day she had an interesting story to tell:
Books and letters from my father.
creep in dawn of delight
On the agenda? A mani/pedi, fresh flowers, a long hot bath and lots and lots of sleep.
Put the egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and whip on medium-high speed, gradually adding the remaining 1/4 cup ( 50 grams ) sugar, until the whites hold stiff peaks.
If you have no idea what I'm talking about, ignore the previous paragraph. If you know exactly what I'm talking about, make fun of me in the comments.
“Fellows,” Don interjected, “you ain’t seen nothing till you’ve seen
But like anything else, there are distinctions between some awful contemporary pieces from the big box chain stores, and the excellent antique or vintage pieces.
What a difference a year makes, especially for a dog! I started blogging just about a year ago, and so far my blog has had 25,000 hits– I figure that for a dog, that’s about 7 years and a million hits. Most humans that come here want to learn more about (a) fracking, (b) symbolic interactionism, or (c) Panic! At the Disco. Sometimes, they just want to see a cute picture of me:
“Tommy! Tommy!”
To get their message of peace for poultry out, The Alliance To End Chickens as Kaporos is going to host not one, not two, but THREE two-hour protest/demonstrations in Brooklyn this year. The group argues their side like this: The use of chickens in Kaporos rituals is cruel and contrary to Jewish teachings. It is not a mitzvah but a custom that originated in the middle ages. Most observers give money to charity which they express symbolically by swinging coins while reciting prayers for mercy and peace. Swinging and slaughtering chickens as Kaporos violates tsa’ar ba’alei chaim, the Jewish mandate not only to avoid needlessly hurting animals, but to show them compassion.
Researchers in St. Louis, Missouri interviewed 4,144 women about birth control methods and found that 45 per cent relied too heavily on their contraceptives to do the job without fail.
191 ***3. Book Review: Robert McDonald, Pillar & Tinderbox: The Greek Press and the Dictatorship (New York, 1983). Journal of Modern Greek Studies, vol. 3, pp. 105-10 (May 1985). (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 508-15 (1992).)
I walk up the muggy street beginning to sun
The First Lady showing up for Darden's announcement is a terrific incentive for other restaurateurs to follow suit and make changes, Nestle said.
So he is in Poland drinking cheap beer, on the strict promise he bring me back my yummy Cherry Vodka, (and it's a helluva lot cheaper in Poland than on that website, let me tell you!) and I am staying home, reading, snoozing, possibly doing some reorganizing and cleaning out, and we both get what we want without having to piss off the other.
The initiative is designed to help targeted areas renovate housing and repopulate neighborhoods with the goal of stabilizing prices and increasing safety. The organizations will pilot the program in Baltimore and Atlanta.
Toby Moses Little Mans
The following pictures are "before" pictures, as in, while the apartment was still empty, before moving day. My goal is to post "after" pictures, one room at a time, as we get everything settled and purchase furniture.
“Our Lady of Blessed Acceleration, don’t fail me now”
To my knowledge, I've now eaten at every Japanese Restaurant in Marin, including those which may just have the Japanese part as a sideline! We do have quite a variety, and I'll have to update the summary for Marin Japanese restaurants soon.
This cheery "Alexis Lamp" is so chunky and simple, I just love it (I really love the yellow one!). Even on "special" the base alone is $99 (drum shade sold separately). I suppose you could find a similar shape lamp at a thrift store, and a can of spray paint, and go to town. Inspiration is good though, no?
Imagine for a moment what it would feel like if people walked into your company and used the lobby to call your competitors and buy their products. That’s standard consumer behavior in a bookstore. People browse, find a book they like, pull out their smart phone, and order online.
I called them the tribe because you always saw the same faces at protests, although they held widely varying views on the nature of their mythic united Ireland.
But, not everyone is content to just sit back and ignore these killings. After all the victims are children. No matter what type of life they are living, they deserve protection from this evil killer. There is an Alienist in the city that wants the killer stopped. His name is Kreizler and he is what today is known as a Psychologist. Kreizler forms a group of friends to try and stop this killer. The group initially consists of Moore who is a New York Times Reporter and Sarah who is a Secretary at the Police Department. The little group eventually expands to include Kreizlers servants and a couple of ex Police Officers. This group will take you into the belly of this dark world and it is sometimes very graphic because when this killer kills a victim, it is very gruesome and even worse because his victims are children.
There is a linkage between U.S. foreign and immigration policy that is detrimental to our interest (check out the connection between the Rockefellers and the American foreign policy establishment through organizations like the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission), the systematic robbery of the American people by Wall Street bankers through the Federal Reserve Bank, and the bankrupting of the federal and state governments. This linkage betrays an agenda that seeks a global concentration of power and wealth. These linkages are public record and are easily verifiable.
If you would like to have a good hearty laugh, please marvel at the imprudent , nonsensical, and inane, staff of PDRM.
A cruise on the largest ship in the world, Allure of the Seas. She was busy..rock climbing, wave surfing, zip lining...shopping, eating, having a beverage or two.
OK...so here I am having my morning cup.
Tomorrow is mystery.
cannibal corpse Milwaikee Metalfest, Milwaukee, WI USA 1992
Thankfully I still have some of that Stella in the fridge. Thank the gods. But I've not used the word piss enough. Piss Piss Piss Piss Piss Piss. Now I'm happy.
"Pool Water Shook in Staten Island"
There’s parts of this whole campy style that still make me cringe, like how everything is labeled. I get that this is done for kids. Or maybe it’s because Batman is forgetful. Whatever the case, it’s pretty hilarious that when the secret panel in Bruce’s study opens to reveal two fireman’s poles that they’re labeled “To the Batcave.” When they bring the Penguin (in a disguise that fools no one) to the Batcave, the Penguin asks for water and Batman points him in the right direction, stating, “The drinking water dispenser is clearly marked.”
Two (2) Panther's Quest pages by Gene Colan from Jungle Action #11
I've been wearing it for a few days and I love it.
Yann - the sailor collar dress in red, white and blue
I went to cheer on someone at the St. Luke's Half Marathon in Allentown, PA today. It was so fun!! I've never been a spectator before. Of course, during the entire race when I wasn't cheering, all I could think was "what am I doing on the sidelines?" That question could really relate to any part of life, you know? Why wait to join in on the fun? DO IT NOW!
The video was filmed by family friend and sheepdog breeder Dan Westman. Entitled “Champis - den vallande kaninen” (‘Champis – the herding rabbit’ in English), it shows five minutes of the bouncing bunny making light work of a small herd of sheep, a skill most likely mimicked from his border collie buddies.
Quinoa is a great, gluten-free grain with a slightly nutty taste that is packed with protein and the only grain that is a perfect protein. Sick of eating rice? There are lots of great dishes you can make with quinoa. Here’s my personal recipe.
Lastly, there is the problem that activism is usually reactive. We assume, because we are ethical, that other people are as well; that they have a conscience and are not wholly dominated by personal selfishness. Then, when they demonstrate that they are so dominated, we have to react. To be effective we must build large-scale movements, and we must anticipate this: we must be proactive, and unpredictable.
3 ways that I have fun while traveling are…
11. Heroes of The yellow Cross
You’ll notice that I didn’t use any names in this review. That’s because, first of all, the war setting makes it unclear whether or not the characters are using their real names, and secondly, part of the enjoyment of this book is figuring out when characters are telling the truth and when they are not. Don’t let that—or my woefully inadequate review—deter you. Read CODE NAME VERITY; I am 99% sure you won’t regret it. Recommended for readers who enjoy historical fiction set in World War II and character-driven novels.
In the mid-1920s, the directors of Hall China began an association with the Jewel Tea Co. to produce an exclusive line of dinnerware. For all the major refrigerator manufacturers, Hall also produced china pieces including pitchers, china boxes for leftovers and butter and cheese dishes.
of his ear,
These two cards above were made for my last Stamp Class at my home, where I showed Mel and Lindy (hi ladies!), how to stamp on vellum (thanks for letting me CASE you Kathy Tannner)...it was a small and intimate class this month after my inaugral one in my new craft space with 8 attendee that time! I think this was better until I can reorganise my space as it now also has a Sofa Bed in it for our guests to stay.
Thank you so much Becky for gifting Sally such a sweet needlebook. I know she will use and enjoy it and be forever reminded that there are very special people out there in the world.
Intent
—May 25, 2006
Don’t ask me what the others are because I’m already wasting too much time blabbing on about this fabulous fantastic movie. But one of them is the chase in the woods from The Piano. There.
When the frost has turned 'em rotten," Sammy said.
Last year when we moved a couple streets over our old Internet provider didn’t service this street; in fact we got trapped as only one company did.. The service was so bad we had an excelorator installed which temporarily made it better, but not long after it plummeted to less then dial up speed!!
The Shabby Girls thank you ALL for sharing your special paper crafting talents with us here in the Tea Room! The talent and inspiration continuously amazes and inspires us all!!! Your talent and creativity makes it nearly impossible to pick winners each week! And now, without further ado, here are the creations that caught my eye this week for capturing the essence of the 'Homegrown Flowers' challenge by creating a project USING HANDMADE FLOWERS:
I really need to take some photos tomorrow morning in good light - I can't believe I haven't posted the delicious projects we made at the Launch last month. My Mother's Day class was also really fun. I'm planning a Big Shot class this month, so watch out for more details about that!
10. Democratise the City of London
My Cousin and I got some interesting tidbits, and I’m hoping to have some of that loaded into the tree sometime in the upcoming week. Most of what we found was connected to our tree, but not directly.
When you run, your primary energy source is muscle glycogen, (the complex sugar molecules that you burn for energy). You can only store a certain amount of glycogen in your muscles which is why runners carbo-load leading up to a race! & since carbs are your primary fuel source it makes a lot of sense that you replenish spent carbohydrate supplies immediately following a long run, ideally within 30minutes of completion.
So where are the really good apps?
Her authentic spiritual state is between her and God, but I’m not seeing biblical fruit here.
And Her Self broke into selves and became the mother-truth-table of all existence.
If you’re still feeling anxious. There are a number of helpful websites and forums that offer advice to owners and pets. Pets and Travel has advice on every type of transport from cars, planes, boats and caravans. The website is also filled with useful case studies of other travellers’ experiences.
Edwin Blumenfeld
Istas AS, Demmler GJ, Dobbins JG, Stewart JA. Surveillance for congenital cytomegalovirus disease: A report from the National Congenital Cytomegalovirus Disease Registry. Clin Infect Dis 1995; 20: 665-670.
How to apply conventional wisdom in unconventional times? It’s not so clear. Which of these two aphorisms is right for companies in this hiring environment “All that glitters is not gold” or “Never look a gift horse in the mouth”? With so many people looking for a job, the temptation to hire a really good, potentially overqualified person is continuously present. But no matter how bright that new star shines in the cosmos of the available – management must not ignore the question of how that star will shine in your specific company’s galaxy. “Do we promote from the inside or hire from the outside?” still remains a difficult question.
So that your No Deposit House has been up for sale for months and you can no more make home loan repayments on your own aged and brand new houses. You’re eager to marketplace like the desire to generate losses. Right now might be time to consider making your personal Bad Credit Home the actual rent-to-own property. Also you have a 100% finance option from the Vendor Finance Home.
and thats the part that burns in my heart and keeps me hanging on
So – Magda and Ilza will look after Mes Amis. The guests are sorted, the dogs are sorted. Off to three or maybe four or maybe five weeks of no routine. Anna’s sister, Hester, volunteered to provide padkos to sustain us through the morning. (padkos = road food or food to be eaten when embarked on a long journey). Hester did us proud.
Interesting that you bring up future novels. Fan fiction readers know I’ve written two companion manuscripts to THE THREE COLONELS. One is a sequel to Persuasion named Persuaded to Sail (formerly The Unexpected Passenger), featuring Captain Frederick Wentworth and his lovely wife, Anne. The other is a Jane Austen/Scarlet Pimpernel crossover entitled The Last Adventure, staring Captain Frederick Tilney. We’ll see if Sourcebooks picks them up.
Mr Oosthuizen was attacked and fired upon at his car-port next to his homestead at about 20h00 Friday. The attackers fled after Oosthuizen fired off a shot and then barricaded himself inside his homestead while alerting the local farm-watch volunteers -- some neighbours arrived on the scene within seven minutes while other farmers organised road-blocks around the farm and launched searches for the attackers. Mfisa was allegedly captured with incriminating materials in a white bakkie, chasing away from the crime-scene at high speed.
Mix lemonade concentrate and powdered sugar.
The sister gnome is made using a 3/4" round ball, and a 1"3/8"hold acorn dowel cap.
I think the hardest question which Augustine completely misses is why do people do hurtful things to each others? We know that we have choices in the way we react…but what is the motivation of selfishness? If we step away from theological conversation, is there at any point a sufficient justification to knowingly hurt someone? Some say yes…but I don’t know. Augustine stresses the importance of choice and free will, but are there real choices that we can honestly say belong to us? What if the one choice we deem belonged to us is immoral? What is the difference between choices possible and possibilities? Although I’ve gained a little more knowledge, I’m still not satisfied. Currently reading the Pali Canon, and Tao Te Ching.
I wonder where my words went.
His wife’s name is Ahalya. One of the meanings of Ahalya is ‘unploughed’. Brahma gave him, his daughter Ahalya which could mean some untilled land on his mountain, the Brahmagiri. This was because only Gauthama with his expertise in irrigation and agriculture, could make something useful of it.
Jenna Chamberland never wanted anything more than to be a wife and mother. That is, until she realized that her life was ending after a three-year battle against breast cancer. Now, all she really wants is more time.
Tokyo’s new, bigger tower…the Tokyo Sky Tree won’t be opened to the public until this May—so it’s not illuminated at night yet (except for the lighting necessary for air safety).
One of my goals, while here in Bali, is to keep a nature journal. I have finally settled into somewhat of a routine – of basic day-to-day living, that is – and now have some time to get back into a creative groove.
AAM: No, they are closer—you would think of the thrones as being with the seraphim and the cherubim.
02 Last Dance (Native Lab, WMF Lounge, Berlin 8.9.2001)
01/04/2012 BUY 0.01 euraud 1.24819
Anyway, all this to say there is so much information out there and all of it is conflicting. I will say if an article has a product to sell you to fix your problem, stay away. It's just a commercial for their product.
“Unless you are initiated by a bona fide spiritual master in the disciplic succession, the mantra that you might have received is without any effect.”
1: SHIRLEY & LEE - Sweethearts
During some runs we saw the cables lying loose between the wing and the hump. Which confirms they are cables and not solid rods, as with the rake mountings. Being cables they could not be for measuring wing position, as not being stiff, they would not be accurate enough. With the size of the nose hump and the other equipment to measure ride height, I now believe they are to control the droop of the front wing. Perhaps the test wing is more flexible than the usual race wing in order to achieve more attitudes under load. Its possible the hump contains hydraulics to adjust the droop of the wing to different attitudes during each run. The 2009 Red Bull used hydraulics in the nose to control the then legal adjustable front wing flap, so it’s a proven approach to fit more hydraulics into the nose cone. Being able to alter wing attitude on the move would greatly improve the amount of data gathered from each run. With there being two cables for each wing, one mounted on the main plane and the second on the flap, the wing could be controlled not only in droop but also the angle of attack. So that the wing could reproduce different beam and torsional stiffness of a future wing.
Did you know there was a right way and a wrong way to pray? Well, evidently there is. I've avoided venting about this because I have been determined to be positive. I hoped that if I kept my thoughts positive this situation would resolve itself. What situation?
YG Entertainment is coming out with a school supplies line with chibi Big Bang.
BB7 – 4.7 million (average)
To take note of the glamour.
He ordered me like a BLT off a menu.
So like those damn Jews in the days of yore who killed Jesus and ruined the ability of some folks to properly express their faith, rain completely fucked with my Sunday.
With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run,
- BBQ’d Pork
Now, I'm an arrogant ass. I want to just say that. Well, I can be. At the time I was. I had seen a lot of martial arts movies and I got the stupid idea to let him hit me. Just to show off a bit. To say to him "Hey, even if you hit me, you can't actually hurt me." There's one small problem though. Can you guess what it was? Yeah, it bloody hurt. He actually busted my lip too. In the end I actually ran off crying. I'm not sure if it actually hurt all that much, or if it was just the shock. It looks so much easier in the movies.
I am very pleased to have a guest Blogger today. Joan Price, author of Naked at Our Age: Talking Out Loud About Senior Sex discusses saying no in a respectful, gentle but clear way. It is a skill we should always be working on and I appreciate Joan sharing her thoughts and experiences on the topic. I believe her advice applies not only to seniors but to all of us regardless of age.
Because they've changed it.
Today, a British soldier from 2nd Battalion, The Mercian Regiment (Worcesters and Foresters), has been killed in an explosion in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
“Umaaray na ang taumbayan, hindi pa ba yun sapat para magpatupad ng price control? When is necessary? Is PNoy waiting for the oil price to reach P100 a liter? It is very clear that PNoy is insensitive to the calls of the people,” said Cherry Orendain Regional spokesperson of Anakbayan.
Himawari Youchien had its door barred. All that showed above the garage-like barricade was the sign, a hand-painted sunflower and simple hiragana labeling the kindergarten. I passed by it every day for ten days on the two mile walk from the train station to my high school. The road wound like a vine down the hillside, and I was always struck by the iconicity of the scene; winding mountain roads in rural Japan are like endless plains are to Nebraska, or urban sprawl to LA. On one side was a small water garden, a pond with an elaborate waterfall and lilies floating like candles for the dead. On the other side squatted a plain white building made of something akin to brick but almost plasticine in its glossiness, and further down the road had to swerve sharply to avoid a small corn field half the size of my American backyard. The steps up to the small door were cracked and lichened; if they were an alcove there would be a thick layer of very unJapanese dust covering them. There was an ancient, rusting padlock on the gate, and the windows were harshly curtained with yellowed linen that might once have been white. The brightly-painted yellow sunflower, its fresh green leaves and succulent-looking stem were a harsh, confounding contrast to the general feeling of abandonment and disuse.
Just occasionally, I look out of my bedroom window at night and see a ferry steaming out to sea, its bright lights reflected in the inky blackness of the English Channel. Sailors have been putting to sea from Newhaven and other Sussex towns for centuries, rowing, sailing or under power; many have failed to return, due to war, weather or shipwreck. But watching these great vessels gliding silently to goodness knows where brings a sense of continuity to an ordinary event. Newhaven has seen better days, but it battles on regardless, like a tramp steamer chugging on in the teeth of a westerly gale. Long may it do so, I say.
FB has eaten the left side of my brain.... not to make lite of all the great prostitute contacts I get in my e-mail everyday from some sort of bug I picked up from my very first FB contact (remember? I wrote about the old flame I found...). The upside being that he gave me a computer bug in my old age and not a vaggie bug in my youth. Life always has it's silver linings.
SCHOOL YEAR _________
9) Don’t Waste Your Life – John Piper
¼ cup soy sauce
BBC Radio 4's Today programme, The Guardian tells us, had an average weekly audience of 7.15 million in the last three months of 2011, proclaiming a great "boost" for the programme (see below).
Love is the reigning factor in your life, and your destiny dictates that you teach the meaning of love to all humanity through your strong sense of justice. In your personal relationships you give strength, comfort, and lasting love or friendship, and you’re always there when needed and wanted. You enjoy beauty, peace, and harmony in your surroundings, especially in your home. Your home and family are your immediate concern and, once you’ve established your brand of happiness there, you extend it elsewhere.
Why I chose this book: Because Patterson's books are quick to read and usually entertaining.
Get a new pair of fabulous, designer shoes each month from Sole Society, which will tailor its suggestions based on your style, tastes, and preferences. This deal gets you half off one pair, which you order after completing a fun, short fashion survey (no obligation to buy monthly).
Please feel free to visit each and every one of them and let them know how excited you are to see what they create for our Stamptacular challenges!
Stone Axe – II
Match 5: Mr. Anderson defeated Bobby Roode by disqualification when after the referee got knocked out and Roode hit Anderson with a beer bottle, the referee counted the pinfall for Roode which led to Hulk Hogan coming out and reversing the decsion.
And that is where my authentic trust for my kids comes in. I trust my daughters to make their own choices and to handle what comes. I also trust them to ask for help if they need it.
The children's book Everyone Poops, which documents the pooping styles and sizes of a range of animals and a little boy, did not get the greatest critical reception. Publishers Weekly said: "Okay, so everyone does it–does everyone have to talk about it? True, kids... may find it riveting, but their parents may not want to read to them about it... Call it what you will, by euphemism or by expletive, poop by any name seems an unsuitable picture book subject." Don't ask, don't tell seems to be the dominant ideology when it comes to poop. According to one grateful reader, the book helped her child "realize that pooping was normal," which is great, but it also suggests that the default belief is that pooping is somehow abnormal and shameful.
I started with my Ultimate Direction pack which holds 100 oz of water. Plus a 32-ounce bottle in the pack and my two handheld water bottles. When I’m in a situation like this I always drink my pack first, then the bottle in the pack, and head back when I’ve got only the two handhelds left. That way I know exactly how much water I have left – I’m not spending time trying to judge whether my pack is ½ or ¼ full.
Exsoteric: Which highstreet brands do you hold in high esteem and which are translating key trends most successfully?
and slowly but surely i was up to running 5k
Get free exclusive products with a qualifying workshop!
This month I was paired up with Leah, who doesn’t currently have a blog but is thinking of starting one soon with a friend. She asked me about my likes/ dislikes and what I’d like to receive. I told her I would really love desk friendly, healthy snacks, and oh boy, did the girl ever deliver!
Enjoy tomorrow and share a smile .
On our farm, we wait until April. (There are many reasons people calve at particular times of the year–I won’t go into those here). Newborn calves need to get an eartag (so we can keep records on them throughout their life) and get weighed. We do this out in the pasture with the momma cow standing right in front of us. This can be a bit nerve-wracking. We pride our cowherd on gentle dispositions, but even a very tame cow is (and should be) concerned when you are messing with her baby. Having a 1400 pound momma standing with her nose near the calf while you check it over ensures very gentle treatment of that little critter.
Pros for being a part of a tradition:
6. Travel around the world. I’d probably do that anyway. But I’d go to different place if I was hippy. Like Ecuador. And Swaziland. And Tibet. I might not travel though. Just chill in Nimbin with my hippy peeps. Doing hippy things. Maybe go to Belligen or Byron Bay. If you’re a foreigner you won’t know what I’m talking about. But that’s OK. You’ve probably got a moustache, a fez and look suspicious. All foreigners are like this. Don’t be offended.
Marge handed out the needle and then paused. He withdrew it. I had been waiting for it... this is how I knew it would go down. I somehow knew that needle was never intended for me to hold (and inspect). “Look, roll your shirt up,” said Marge, “ I'll show you how quick and easy it is!”
This has always been the strategy of the Tories give Billions away overseas of tax payers,aged pensioners money and allowances ect.In the hope that,overseas countries will buy from British manufactureing companies,so the Tory owners give big donations to the Tory Party.
Once again, the Picture It Plus fabric was an absolute joy to stitch on, though the dark color did make it slightly more difficult. However, the fabric is just lovely and the color is gorgeous. If you have the opportunity to pick up some Picture It Plus fabric, I definitely recommend it.
Get them nice and golden brown. That's about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the oil (one syllable, remember) with a slotted spoon or frying spoon. Set on a paper towel to cool slightly.
It's got a thermal lens so it it will rarely fog under normal conditions.
Ummm 4th of July weekend was horrible. People in our neighborhood were lighting off fireworks until 2-3 am. Between Kyle and our rottweiler, I wasn't sure who I wanted to hurt more. They both jumped with EVERY SINGLE noise and were on edge for the entire week. Our rottweiler is just now able to go outside without freaking out. I hate that 4th of July/Independence Day should be a day to celebrate the things he has done for his country, but it ends of being a nightmare due to his PTSD. I actually got him to stand in our backyard for about 10 minutes to watch the fireworks that the state trooper was lighting off. Our block is one of those big squares that has everyone's backyards meet up in the middle...no alley way. The state trooper lives on the opposite side of the square from us. He lit them off in front of his house and gave me a great view! At least I got to see some of them.
“Your dress”
I do not give money to people out on the streets.
I'll leave you with these thoughts from the "simple" farm girl Ugla as she prepares to leave home:When the peace of Autumn has become poetic instead of being taken for granted...the last day of the plover become a matter of personal regret...the horse become associated with the history of art and mythology...the evening ice-film on the farm stream become reminiscent of crystal...and the smoke from the chimney become a message to us from those who discovered fire - then the time has come to say goodbye. The world-bacterium has overcome you, the countryside has turned into literature, poetry and art; and you no longer belong there.
Sometimes I think that it’s not a matter of opinion that matters (hehe), but rather respecting each other’s opinions. Thank God for subjects in schools like thinking skills and history where you are required to decide for yourself how the events really took place or what actually happened. The only sad thing is that not everyone takes those subjects and critical thinking is not an integral part of education as a whole. At the end of the day it is important to take very seriously-relating to anything-the question, “What do you think? ” Whether you’re in the role of judging someone or something, or forming an opinion on an outfit, food, places to go (including vacation trips), or making small and big decisions about anything. I believe this is where it all really starts when you think about it. The more you practice critical thinking with small things, the easier it is to do the same with more serious things such as relationships, properties, businesses and so on.
I feel refreshed... renewed... reopened... and ready to take 2011 on...
“You’re all alone?” the lieutenant glanced around the tent.
She "knows" my hair! She knows where the cowlicks are; she knows how it lays here and there; she understands when I describe something new I want to do.....she just "knows".....
Paper - PTI Hawaiian shores and Yellow CS, GKD White and Green Apple CS, PTI Raspberry Fizz Patterned Paper
And the reason why such a case is not currently being robustly made is, I think, partly due to the success of the case that is being made.
Let us observe, understand and accept them as they are.
One day I will post pictures of my extended home where I can shut myself away in my kitchen rather than stand in a kitchen space of 2 square metres where everyone can bother me.
Alas, my story has run away from me once more, or is at best barely on the leash. My feet are frozen with the change of weather, and it seems an excellent time for me to sleep for a while. Next time, I swear, I will come to the particular point I started with, but I've no regrets leading you down this path. Some people deserve more public recognition than is often given to a man with a crazy job like a comparative philologist and war hero, and no-one can stop me!
SO, “LOOSE” ISN’T A BAD THING WHEN IT LEADS TO BEING FREE FROM THE PRISON OF THE SELFISH CHOICES OF OUR PREVIOUSLY ROTTING AND STINKING LIVES!!!
Now comes the hard part....
Yea my title has abso-freakin-LUTLEY nothin to do with my post but wtf ever it's hilarious and it makes me think of the guy on SNL that does Sean Connery and that right there is hilarious...
Along the narrow carpet ride,
Let’s be clear here. I genuinely do not know what they do teach at Bar school. Some law stuff and a bit of advocacy I guess. I’ve never really known much more than this and I’m not sure if it’s relevant to my day-to-day business of managing and promoting a set of chambers. If it is, well, too late …
Happily engaged for just over a month. In a relationship for almost a year (just before Chicago, actually)!
Bon Appetit!!!!
Length of the Crusade
there is talk of cancer.
With the feed-in tariffs established in 1991 by the Electricity Feed-in Law, that makes it just over twenty years for the madness to work its way through the system, and now that the generators are embracing coal in a big way, it looks as if the greenie spell is being broken.
The kids and I often feeling like we were in trouble, never knowing if he loved us that day.
So anyhoo, the recipe is a keeper cos I'm sure those chocolate lovers out there would fall for it and if not a chocolate lover, then it would at least grab the attention of the photographer in you. Either ways, its easy to make and is perfect to gift for Christmas or serve for kids' parties. I don't intend to do either, but decided to keep the recipe, just in case I became a convert!
Staff at Research Center for Prediction of Earthquakes & Volcanic Eruptions, Graduate School of Science, Tohoku University are strongly advised to focus on probability of the next major earthquake in China.
Both George Sr. and George Jr. employed other forms of psychological manipulation and domination in an effort to maintain their control over the prostituted victims. For example, they branded victims with tattoos depicting their street names, and at least one of the women was tattooed with a bar code as well. George Sr. and George Jr. are alleged to have psychologically abused their victims, by first demeaning them and later appearing to reward them with offers of love and affection.
My duvet cover is an orange and white geometric pattern from WalMart, but I also have an orange and white Greek Key duvet cover from Z Gallerie that would work in the room.
To grunt and sweat under a weary life,
It’s no coincidence that a fat cat like Bloomberg would preside over brutally suppressing a Wall Street protest. It’s also predictable that there has been a media blackout on these protests. The same people being protested own the so called mainstream media.
We arrive at the Roebuck from Richmond Park, hot and very thirsty. It's early evening and a smell of gravy laden Sunday lunches hits the nostrils as we enter. The interior is reassuringly unspectacular. It's a solid pub and has been since the 1700s, the smell confirming it hasn't been gastroed, which is surprising in these parts.
-charcoal
Last weekend we put up our Christmas tree. This was sooooooo exciting because it was a week earlier than Matt let me do it last year (I think he has turned soft now that Elle's around). Matt put the tree up while I did other decorating and then we decorated the tree together. Elle thought it was so much fun and loved the lights and sparkle. She is really thinkening up (as you can tell from the pictures) which makes her especially cute in her Santa hat. While the tree is bare underneath in the pictures we have since changed that adding two gifts for me, and one for Elle and Matt.
I must say, it looks really nice.
I also have been thinking about rewards, ways to reward myself for reaching milestones like 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks etc. Only crappy part is money is tight so it can't be related with money. And damn sure not with food LOL So if you guys can think of things let me know. Thought about little things like giving myself a pedicure, painting my nails, asking my husband if he will reward me with things like making dinner for me or giving me a massage or a lap dance. HA HA on the lap dance part.
I won Bookends on eBay as a college graduation present for myself in 2002, after it kept failing to show up at any of the local record stores. Magical Mystery Tour, the only repackaging Capitol Records got right, was $2 and marked as-is because it has a skip on “I Am the Walrus.” It feels weird to hear the song on the radio and not hear that skip in that place. The album on its side is Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn, & Jones Ltd., my favorite Monkees’ album in a pinch.
Last weekend we took a trip to visit my grandmother, who I haven't seen in a year. We also got to visit with my aunt and cousin, who I haven't seen in almost 4 years, and I met my newest baby cousin Mary Rose for the first time. Saturday night we stayed with Jim's brother and sister-in-law. They sent us home with piles of produce from their garden on Sunday and I made this salad as soon as we got home.
1 whole
I was on a roll, and my fatherly monologue was going swimmingly until Tobin interrupted and said, “But dad, I only punched him because he stole my Bible!”
So I have been sort of interested in permaculture for a while and reading bits and pieces but now that we have our blank canvas to create I figured it was time to really come to grips with it. Unfortunately while there are a million and one courses out there you have to be a millionaire to attend any of them.
As for the “ex-gay” claim that ex-gay therapy works and that sexual orientation can successfully be changed, studies now confirm that after many years in a mixed orientation marriage, the same-sex oriented spouse is still same-sex oriented (see ‘Characteristics of Mixed Orientation Couples’ recently published in Edification, a journal from the evangelical Society for Christian Psychology).
and it always gets me into trouble with people,
As I said, I have supper going in the crockpot. I'm making one of Michael's favorite meals: Crockpot Cheeseburgers with Sweet Potato Fries.
With friends, I arrived at Masjid Negara at about 11.30am on Saturday. The barricades were placed about 200 metres from the masjid (and, thus, about 600 metres from the Dataran). Speeches were given by politicians, which could not be heard. We stayed outside the masjid until about 1.45pm when the procession to Dataran started. Thousands of people thronged the streets. It was joyful, with a carnival or picnic atmosphere. Slogans were chanted, and the camaraderie among the marchers was fantastic. People of all walks of life were present. Malaysians, irrespective of race, religion, colour, class, gender and age, were amply represented. It was a microcosm of the general population.
As soon as I knew what I was making I went right to work to find the right recipe. To be quite honest while I was making the cake I got scared when I dumped all of the food coloring in the batter. It was bright red. I was worried. Once the cake was out of the oven it became more of a dark red and less scary. I didn’t get the chance to try the cake out during the party but I was told that it had flavor and was very dense.
I could make, I will not make them,
The film was explicitly written as a vehicle for the star. After Magnolia bombed, Anderson had a falling out with New Line, who had produced both that film and Boogie Nights while giving him unprecedented freedom. Anderson was able to do PDL because Sandler had a lucrative production deal with Revolution Studios—who let Anderson do what he wanted as long as Sandler was in it. In a way, he was a kind of “hired” hand with the movie—literally brought in by Revolution to shepherd an “Adam Sandler film.” Its the closest that Anderson came to being an old-fashioned Hollywood studio auteur—the kind of filmmaker who works within the pre-existing genre confines and expectations of something like Sandler’s frat-boy mode of comedy.
One odd thing became apparent in that interesting week; the average age of the Facebook campaigners was a lot older than you might think. Whilst the critical voices on the wall and on the rival Joe site spoke in SMS txtspk and looked pre-pubertal, the Rage site spanned every generation. In a bizarre rôle reversal an older generation was encouraging the young to stop listening to schmaltzy covers and turn on to some angry hard-core metal rap. Whatever is the world coming to?
Following on from my last post, here are six lessons on business and sustainable water engagement I've gleaned (do like that word) from some corporate interviews and meetings with leading companies, enjoy:
And whatever your plans lovely readers; I hope that your weekend is just as blissful as mine will hopefully be!
At the young age of six, I was whisked away, along with my eight-year-old sister to start a new life in Albuquerque with my dad. Dad didn't want the divorce and he was gonna be damned if my mom was going to take away his daughters.
He also jumped on the table while Mr. G. ate a roasted chicken leg and with the speed of a flash catched it with his paw and wanted to escape. Mr. G. just had time to safe his supper ! Of course Arthur got some pieces.
2 hours. Came, saw, got in and out. My kind of Black Friday.
- Comments will be closed on Friday Nov. 4th 9pm PST
Please help me find my way
Cultural Colour Symbolisms of the Category:
MJN
Thank you so much for stopping by the X-Press It blog, I hope I have inspired you to create something wonderful...we would love to see them!!
is the most Eco-Friendly method in most cases.
The decor varied in the different parts of the restaurant. We were sat in an area where powder pink couches lined the room, and there were mirrors, glass lampshades and lime waxed wood fixtures. All that was missing from this French boudoir scheme was a white toy poodle. I loved it and would like to imagine that if Marie Antoinette were alive today, her salons and boudoirs might look a little like this too. Other parts of the restaurant are decorated more conservatively, so maybe sit there if you are eating out with the lads.
Well, damn. But I changed the flight, I argued. I mean, I should get kudos for that (y’all know I like a good relationship kudo lol)… the old D-Magic would have completely stood her ground; and that’s not a hypothetical. I’ve been asked a few times to stay longer when visiting a guy and decided to stick to my original plans. To which P Dawg so eloquently pointed out to me, “and how has that worked out for you?”
How the hell I was able to watch this under my parent's radar is beyond me because if any movie gives off sonic and visual alarm bells of "oh shit don't let your kid watch this", it's hellraiser. The movie has so many gruesome scenes that I can't begin to choose one over another... but the whole rat filetting thing probably ranks pretty high in the food chain.
-my $300 leftover (after bills) for this month slowly dwindling away
justification and has been detained already far too long.
An interesting concept: a man in the present telepathically communicates with a newspaper reporter forty years before and – working together – they are able to stop a killer who likewise is able to transcend time and place. Time travel with a twist. I enjoyed it.
“Risks are taken when men envisage purpose, desire achievement, act with courage.
When ready to cook the gnocchi, bring a large pot of water to boil with 2 tbsp kosher salt. Carefully add the gnocchi in batches of 25 pieces. The gnocchi are ready to remove when they float to the top. Remove with a slotted spoon and place in the sage cream sauce and stir. Continue until all the gnocchi are cooked and well blended in the sage cream sauce. Serve immediately.
I won’t let you fall,
Ranking Devon - Pass The Chalice In A Circle
My mom instinct kicked in and I was on full alert. After all my son should have been on the bus.
‘Labourian Line’!
Instant Abstract expressionism. It was so fun and I was an instant star! But the weird thing was that there were other male students taking things very seriously. I didn't know about completion or anything. But I liked what I was doing. It was fun. I put my art in some galleries and then I was invited to a show at a professional art benefit show. I just went with the flow. Enjoying my fame.
Life getting to you? Take a walk. It could literally save your life.
When I got home from this something AWESOME happened but that is it's own post for another day this week.
At the Hours the Paschaltide Doxology is sung with all the Office hymns, the antiphons of Lauds are sung with the Dominical psalms in the usual order. At Prime the festal psalms are sung (Ps. 53, 118i & 118ii), the Dominical preces are omitted and the short lesson is Humiliavit semetipsum.
But on the internet, there is never any winner. You cannot win against internet bullies. You’re never going to convince them that they should either leave you alone or like you. By sticking it out through the hatred and the threats, you may feel you’ve won by not giving up. You may show the world, or the readers of Rolling Stone Magazine, but you haven’t won. The bullies are still looking up your address; they’re still fantasizing about your humiliation or death. You’ll never show them. In fact, the closest you could probably come to winning this “game” is by stopping to play. The internet sucks you in; it seems like the entire world, when, really, it’s an alternate world. It will survive without you, and you will survive without it. Only by stepping back (for more than three weeks) will someone embroiled in true internet fame and drama be able to appropriate it a correct amount of importance. It is impossible to see while you are in it. I imagine doubly so for a teenager.
Huh u were so caring,
What I did not mention in this story is the larger issue of theft. Effectively there was none, for the same reasons the renter of the car was unconcerned about details of who I was. If everyone knows everyone in a small island, stealing will be difficult to accomplish without getting caught. If I steal your TV, how will I keep it a secret without living a cloistered life? Word travels like wildfire and learn of the theft immediately, all eyes will be on the lookout, and invariably, someone will learn of its new home.
When did this happen? When did I let go of the healthy, fitness crazed person I was?
Last but not least, here is an example of using placemats as art. All these by Finn Style need is a frame!
But we couldn't be more thrilled!
· A wagon factory to be set up at Sitapali (Ganjam District of Odisha)
More mattress sliding ensued after that,
Proper camera equipment play key role for those who consider photography as their hobby. Make sure you bought a branded and high-efficient camera that come built in with many other additional camera equipments. High-efficient camera features give an outstanding look to your photographs. These camera equipments come with alluring features including more capacity to store images, high display, auto-play back, wireless network, Menu language and long running battery power.
It takes about 3 days by train to get to Hong Kong. Everyone dreams about going to the Temple. We have around 4 temple groups every year and there are about 20-30 people in one group.
I didn’t walk further than the corner to catch the sunset.
Urg.
It is this knowledge that makes me rise before the sun
For these, I don’t mind throwing those coins for a toss.
The actress told Assignment X that River's unveiling as Amy Pond's daughter Melody will have some "weird" consequences.
I think the locals have developed a sort of immunity as they do seem particularly attracted to holidaymakers and are found more frequently at tourist destinations.
"I'm not on the menu." She jammed the blade up under the monster's chin and out the top of its head. No more came forth as it sank into a black mass onto the floor.
“To some extent, the rise of the eastern powers, China and India, will ensure in coming decades that western guilt will shrivel: finally having equal powers to compare ourselves to, the West will no longer feel inclined to indulge in self-loathing, but will seek to reaffirm its sense of identity. (…) in the long-run of history, political correctness will be seen as an aberration in Western thought. The product of the uniquely unchallenged position of the West and its unrivalled affluence, the comparative decline of the West compared to the East is likely to spell the demise of political correctness.”
The ideal time to max out would have been at 9am when good overnight strength showed a mild pullback
* Take a veggie peeler and shave long strips of jumbo asparagus. You can soak them in cold water for five minutes and then drain. They make a surprisingly nice salad addition.
Jay Boothroyd has had his loan at Stoke from Wolves extended until the end of the season. Slightly surprising seeing as Wolves are still very much in with a chance of the play-offs but welcome nonetheless, especially as Shola Ameobi looks crocked for at least a couple of weeks. Captain Andy Griffin looks set to miss the rest of the season due to a hamstring injury so expect Ryan Shawcross to start on Saturday against Bristol City.
As we were wandering around (after spending lunch at Plum Valley again - once I like something I'm probably the most loyal customer you can find), we spent some time at Trafalgar Square (how I love letting out the tourist in myself) before we experienced some really bad service at Harvey Nichols' 5th floor cafe. I usually never go there (except for my YO!sushis) but since they have that nice terrace with a small but quite lovely view, we gave it a try. And failed. Something I absolutely hate about some parts of London's gastronomy? The arrogance of some staff. How is it possible to treat us, the people being served and obviously leaving a fair amount of money, in a way which is simply unacceptable?! I've been waiting for my (delicious) cocktail for like 30 minutes without complaining but as I was sitting there and seeing that nothing is really going on besides the growth of my thirst, I was THAT close to speak some clearer words (DUH! dangerous!). It was not only the fact that we were waiting... it was also the way ignorance and arrogance accomplished our very kind way of reminding that we've been ordering something a while ago. Luckily (for them), the calmer part of myself (being the person on my side) did so and OH WONDER cocktails and the rest arrived within two ridiculous minutes with a huge Sorry. Here we go. Yeah, me too. Yeah, as if kissing up to us for the rest of the stay would have helped. I'm completely fine with the extra service charge as I think it's absolutely fair to leave a decent amount of money to the service you experience but the moment I see how staff changes from super nice to ignoring us little kids (because that's what we obviously are) to super super super nice the second you remind them of their job is kind of frustrating. I have a deep respect for this kind of job as it brings a lot of power, concentration and kindness (!) with it but it's somehow interesting how they forget about the fact WHERE they work and WHAT they are required to do once they figure out that you might be just a dumb little tourist... or a little kid who took some money out of daddy's pocket (and none of these two descriptions are actually appropriate to you).
The combination of Gray’s dark story, with the equally dark artwork supplied by Ros, results in a naval adventure par excellence. Right up until the end, you have no idea how the tale will play out for the gallant Royal Naval heroes who have not exactly seen eye-to-eye throughout.
Nobody is kissing,
and we know that fashion and performance can go hand-in-hand.
8 - Rex Griffin - The Last Letter - 3:05
“The truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt.”
Somebody to Love – Glee Soundtrack
6) Never hesitate to confess your love, who knows you doing that in that timing to that person might save his life. The people who love us are that thin thread hanging us to life.
On Monday morning Steph came down with a really bad cough. I ended up giving her steroids at home (she has a long history of croup) and I rushed her down to our GP who gave her adrenaline as well. He sent us home with two more doses of adrenaline and told me to continue on giving her the steroids for three more days. I do wonder when she will grow out of croup. Just last week I commented to Steph that I thought perhaps she had finally grown out of it because she hadn't had it for so long! Boy was I wrong. She will be nine in August, we were told she would grow out of it by the age of six.
A warm spring is ushering us into a hot summer. I sit on the deck in the morning, throwing a ball for the dog and occasionally slip off my shoes to find my way to the grass where the earth seeps into the bottoms of my feet and reminds me that in many ways I am a still free and wild like the barefoot little girl that I once knew.
The Tone Argument
What this entry is really about is why I think it’s totally cool that my son wants a pink Trunki for Christmas and how I wish he would always ask for sweet pink things for Christmas. Well, for as long as he wants to anyway.
If pressed again, some Muslims may be persuaded to admit that there was a problem with home-grown Islamoterrorism before 2001. But then they often shift their ground. Instead of blaming everything on Iraq, or Afghanistan, they now focus on the ‘legitimate grievances’ of Muslims both here in the UK and elsewhere. Thus the emphasis no longer is on the Iraq war or Afghanistan, but on the ‘legitimate concerns’ of Muslims on many - or any - issue(s).
Any article about the site evictions or another Gypsy-related matter prompts screeds of venomous and ignorant comments, the unbelievable flavour of which can also be seen if you follow the #dalefarm discussions on twitter. For some reason, there remains today an extreme fear of and hatred towards travelling people. This is not just the domain of right-wing governments in Italy and Eastern Europe, this is a widespread attitude of many many people in this country now.
I've been contacted a few times by companies to review products or to accept a free gift if I'm willing to run a giveaway on my blog. I've always been really torn by these offers. I'm thrifty so some free cleaning products would be awesome, but in the end, I felt like if I was going to be willing to do this I wanted it to be something I really believed in. Not just because it was free.
According to Pua, the onus was on the government to ensure that APs were put on open tender so that only genuine and qualified business operators would secure the licences to import cars, instead of “middlemen seeking instant profits.”
*Cheeseburgers
I love making calendars. It's a great gift and if you want to make many of them for Christmas gifts, you need to get started soon. I love the 8 x 8 calendars. They are just the right size for me.
Rudolph's Revenge is one of those Christmas beers that I end up re-visiting each year among a heap load of other readily available seasonals. The bright labelling, its ruby red hue, bready, yeasty malt-driven aroma and zippy forest fruit notes all bring back memories of many a Christmas past (more specifically knocking it back in a half drunken state whilst trying several other beers at Boxing Day parties).
A cracked glaze on a broken pot
Mandarins was a substantial story collection by Akutagawa Ryūnosuke (1892-1927), the Japanese grandmaster of short fiction. It showed that his sublime style did not end with "Rashōmon" and "In a Grove", the pair of signature stories that formed the basis of Kurosawa Akira's signature film. Even with the absence of these two famous stories, the fifteen stories comprising this collection had elegantly defined what 'rashomonesque' was all about.
Here is the card in full:
been denied all visitations with his natural parents, even though
And this summer, we’ll get to see just that when Captain America, Thor, Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Hawkeye and Black Widow form The Avengers on the big screen!
whether it is dating
Weihenstephan, founded 1040 AD is the oldest established brewery and have created an amazing benchmark of the Hefeweizen style. To break it down, Hefe- yeast and Weizen- wheat, typically referes to an unfiltered wheat ale that has yeast added for natural, bottle-conditioning. If you enjoyed the Weihenstephaner please try the “Holy Grail” for Hefeweizen from Austin’s Live Oak brewery. They do not bottle but you can find the beer on tap at a few different bars in Houston, Austin, and around Texas (not yet Beaumont).
To me, cummings is the prime example of all that is complete and whole. His poems vary in tone from delicate and affectionate to playful and even crass. He's what a true artist should be - contemplative and serious about his art, but happy to just have fun with it, to continue to explore and experiment. He's both an expert and a willing student, an icon as well as a jokester. That is so inspiring.
last week "JeanfromCornwall" rightly said, "Don't knock them". I won't. We had quite a few of them. They were part of my pre-school life. We had them at home, at kindergarten and at Sunday School. We found them in the homes of other children too. We still have some.
I loved the craft center, but they didn't really do pottery while we were there.
5. Remove the dough from the bowl, punch it down and roll it out onto baking trays covered with baking paper onto which you spread olive oil and some cornmeal (if you don’t have, then you can just use flour instead, but the cornmeal gives it an authentic feel). Cover and let rise for about 15 minutes.
Cause I, I must be sleeping
Snap shots are one of most rewarding and irritating events in photography. Allow me to explain.
It is exactly this chaos that served as justification of the recent legislation redefining domestic extremists. The financial looting of America and other sovereign nations by the big banks, politicians and crony capitalists is beginning to unravel. When the curtain is pulled back and the true perpetrators are exposed, there will be rampant chaos in the streets of America. The politicians, bankers, Federal Reserve, and other individuals of prominence and perpetrators know this. Consequently, the U.S. government enacted legislation in anticipation of the public outrage.
Which is why I'm so much fun, because I say:
Student David Gunby was also hit while he was walking to the UT Library (which was located in the Main Building in those days); his injuries were such that he had to remain on dialysis the rest of his life. He finally decided to forgo treatment in 2001, and when he died soon afterwards the cause of death was officially listed as homicide.
from my client.
The gala was much more elaborate than I expected. Food and drink were top-notch and plentiful. (I was responsible and only consumed one glass of wine). There was free valet parking, a fashion show, live auction and "after-party" with a buffet, DJ and open-bar.
2. How we picked Kolbe Academy.
I really couldn't get over how tasty these potatoes were, for such a simple recipe. Stephen even commented that they looked like something out of a magazine! Best compliment ever. They just might be the best potatoes I've ever had!
I wrote myself a time line to tackle and master each of the elements I wanted to use in my trading. It only took me a few months to get this all working in my favor.
illness,
We ended up with some irreplaceable loot of course. Two temporary tatoos, a plastic bracelet and a tootsie roll. Still, a big haul when you’re 3, don’t know any better, and hoard stuff just like that. Afterwards, it was time to pack up and head home. We left the bowling alley about 30 minutes AFTER normal bedtime in the Hughes house, so getting everyone to bed was high priority. Especially getting Grams to bed. Those kids wore her out. I can sympathise.
But now think instead about our Avengers: humanity is awesome! It’s worth saving and fighting for and dying for! We’re worth it right now, not in some future utopia where we’ve become better people. Evil is bad, good is … good. Differences are resolvable. The bad guys need killin’; the good guys will triumph. It won’t be easy – that’s why we need superheroes in the first place – but it will happen, because we do … not … quit. And, oh yeah, look what we can do!
The long hoped-for dawn actually broke, and with it a breeze came up, making our raft rock more and more. The air under us escaped at a more rapid rate, lowering us still further into the water. We had visions of sinking before the help so near at hand could reach us.
This course is aimed at those who already have experience of giving presentations and speaking in front of audiences, but who wish to refine their skills and learn how to add that professional polish to their presentations.
Tebow. People either love him or hate him.
just too adorkable~~~ ^^
Chris Rabb's life as a blogger started with an e-mail. For four years, he sent out an e-newsletter to thousands of names in his address book. The newsletter eventually became his blog, Afro-Netizen, which provided Rabb's commentaries on politics and news, with a focus on Black communities. Since then, Rabb has become one of the most outspoken voices on the racial divide in the blogosphere.
How do I want to start this? 5 months of planning, countless trips to the bike shop, hundreds of emails, facebook conversations, and phone calls, a route overhaul 2 days before take off, and finally it has all started. Last night we bid farewell to our friends and family in Flagstaff, AZ, and boarded our 11 hour Amtrak ride to Los Angeles. Fueled by Mrs. Beger’s cookies, we are currently waiting in the Starbucks at LA Union Station to board our 34 train ride to Seattle.
Fast forward to today. We are 36 years older and (hopefully) wiser! I know for sure we are enriched with 36 years of blessings! This picture was taken at our son's house in Maryland when we went there to enjoy one of our blessings of being grandparents with Kara at a special Grandparents Day at her school.
Here’s an example of a webspam tactic called keyword stuffing taken from a site that will be affected by this change:
So after many years of shouting into the abyss, I have decided to pack up shop here at TR. It's been a great run (if a bit sporadic of late), and I'd like to thank all (3) of you for following along. I'll probably keep everything up, at least for now.
What was I thinking? you say?
Yesterday was another adventure, as hubby rented an airplane, and we spent several hours flying over the island, as well as along the Molokai coastline. Below is a photo of the condos we are staying at. The cove you see is where we snorkel. It sure is going to be hard leaving this beautiful place!
Bord Gais Eireann, Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 4
“Again, I tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven. For where two or three come together in my name, there am I with them.” Matthew 18:19-20 (NIV)
UPDATE 3/26/2012: I found the painting! All I can say is, silly me... now I have a system in place that will hopefully prevent a repeat of this EVER happening again!
Still other diseases, which by the way colloidal silver benefits, that are suspected as being caused by untreated streptococcus infections or a lingering immune response resulting from some past infection, like Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), Pediatric Auto-Immune Neuropsychiatric Disorder (PANDA) and even Schizophrenia- Menninger suspected that in 1920!
Wow! There are several ideas that are new to me – sun art, floating candles, bird feeders! I don’t intend to do tutorials on them right now but there are a few I am dying to try so keep an eye out for them on buggalcrafts sometime in the future (and I said it WAS almost the end of the series!).
Erin ran back saying her personality has completely transformed, and then Jie Jie came to get me and bring me to her clothes. She wanted to change her clothes into her new clothes. This was also something unexpected. Many children coming from an orphanage situation do not necessarily want to take off their clothes right away. It helps them to feel secure to keep them. I have read numerous stories where the children even want to sleep in their clothes and wear them for days. This was not going to be the case for Jie Jie.
He reminded me that He is supposed to be the guiding light and I am supposed to be the vessel that He shines through. And with this HOPE that I have, I can continue knowing that it’s all going to work out in the end.
I love cats but I have allegy to Cats. I feel really, truly sad. I can’t have cats, but I often go to “Cats Cafe” in Shimotori. It is famous for people because Kou Shibasaki, Japanese actress came in there. The spot is holy place for Fan of Kou Shibasaki or Cats lovers in Kumamoto.
Worked On This Week
HISTORICAL GUARDIAN BIAS AGAINST INTERVENTIONISM & TONY BLAIR
The fragrance, “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi, is a 3.3 Fl bottle and comes with an animal print black and pink tote. The line showcases various styles of sunglasses ranging from $20.00 to $30.00; Handbags from $34.99 to $69.00; Crocodilly from $19.90 to $34.90 and finally “Sneaker” slippers at $29.00.
9. Someone else's filthy key ring to suck on.
What happened? Angels, that’s what? My friend, that isn’t just a fairy tale. That’s a real-life example of the involvement of angels in the lives of God‘s people today. And, if you’re a child of God, you have the right to expect God’s angels to do the same kind of things for you. So, start expecting! Say, thank you heavenly father for giving your angels charge over me in all my ways. Once you’ve spoken that word of faith, stand fast, don’t fear. Don’t waver. Just be patient and keep believing, and you will surely see the salvation of the Lord. Scripture Reading: Acts 12:1-17
Route Descriptions
The world is finally coming to its senses and going back 'round the other way, to sunlight, then warmth, and eventually leaves on the trees.
. Politics is prone to totalitarianism.
To those who still maintain that so-called supernatural beings aren’t real and don’t exist: our society has some fashionable concepts that are, by all modern definitions, ‘not real’ and yet we all believe unquestioningly in them. Money being a good example. We all believe in things that very few of us really understand (such as Electromagnetism).
What is the mission of the Festival de Cannes?
Chick Lit
Sarene is a princess from a neighboring country who was betrothed to Raoden. She traveled to her wedding to find that Raoden had died (because nobody would tell her he was a zombie), but the betrothal contract was worded in such a way that she would technically be married to him if he died so that the political union between the two countries would be preserved. Sarene finds it hard to adjust to life in Arelon, especially because women aren’t taken seriously there, but finds herself playing an increasingly crucial role in preserving Arelon’s future.
You see, throughout the scripture we find that we are judged on what we do, on our actions. Paul, who wrote so much of what we find in the new testament, said that he buffets his body and makes it his slave, lest after having preached to so many he himself should be disqualified. It is stated in the bible that in the last days people, desiring to have their ears tickled, will draw to themselves teachers after their own desires, who will tell them what they want to hear. Jesus said there is a broad and easy path, that leads to destruction, and many are on it, but there it is a hard and narrow path that leads to eternal life, and few find it.
I love the practical nature of this passage. I can actually replace WORRYING with SEEKING! Worry might be natural. But, the lack of worry is super-natural. It is possible with God. Seeking is to be "continually absorbed in searching for something; making a strenuous effort to obtain something". I can do the worry dance or seek Him to care for me. Unproductive vs. Productive. Unlike breathing, both take effort and thought and time. Why not choose the better thing?
As you probably can tell, I am letting the tooth of the paper show so that I can benefit from the glow of the red paper. By the time I have all my layers on, the tooth shall be more covered more but the red shall still be influencing the look of the piece. No burnishing here. My favourite medium of art work to look at is pastel so when working on sanded papers, I like my work to have a sense of pastel about them.
“My voice is much too scary,
And what of Mina, the overseer’s daughter? She’s part of the faux-Victorian culture of the human collaborators, and high up in it. The Overseer is like an ambassador to the conquered nations of the human race and she is his daughter. We might as well become aristocratic about it and make it all hereditary.
for someone like you to remain so sure
I am working on ideas for members only and would like to see work done with my images. I am considering doing challenges, but since I give away all my images at this point I am having trouble figuring out what the prize should be....
He then ordered them into his van and drove away with them – to where I knew not. It seemed a bit odd, but who was I to interfere in the machinery of human justice? Like Captain Picard, I obeyed the prime directive not to interfere in the cultural practices of other life forms unless absolutely necessary, which it wasn’t in this case.
Okay, Sarah B. has got another superfood obsession on her hands and she needs you to get on the bandwagon so she doesn’t seem so insane (perhaps not talking in third person would also remedy this).
Stupid tissues with lotion make me break out. AS DOES AIR.
As we got back to our station, and my partner went bed, and I too went to my bunk room to sleep, I secretly wished that we didnt have another call up that road again for the rest of the night.
6. For chocolate topping: Melt chocolate and butter/margarine over low heat in a small saucepan until melted. Remove from heat and spread about 1 teaspoon of melted chocolate over each puff.
I have grand plans for this summer.
Still, rather than bite Mr. PR Director's head off, I consigned his email to my Junk file, and figured we were all done. But no. Today I received this (check out the salutation):
When I was small I was afraid of my Aunt because she had a big voice and I never grew used to her. She lived abroad and we were a quiet family. She sang in an important choir, wore kaftans and didn’t care. She had a son with the bluest eyes and he used to cry when any of us plonked through Chopin on the piano.
-2 slices of ginger
Some growers across Ontario have also lost entire orchards of peaches, sour cherries, pears, plums and nectarines, said Phil Tregunno, chairman of the Ontario Tender Fruit Producers Marketing Board.
There is no longer real beauty and transcendence in the modernist internationalist ‘look of utility’ and obvious use of technological materials like glass and steel and coloredd plastic cladding ; so where there’s obvious ‘diversity’/multiplicity there instead becomes a monotonous sameness.
Brenner says that he found this thrusting “extraordinarily erotic.” WTF? Is this guy serious? He found a wild species in captivity thrusting against him extraordinarily EROTIC? How the hell could anyone find that erotic? Most NORMAL people would find it SICK SICK SICK!!
A different kind of post from lately!
Unfortunately, it seems like the pub is straying from Ward's original vision, particularly on the beer taps. Sure, you can still get Guinness, Murphy's, Smithwicks — the basics. But no longer do you see the unexpected, offbeat European import.
Hypothetically speaking.
I have exciting news, I applied for the Heartfelt Creations Design Team Contest, and have been selected as a semi-finalist!!! You can read more about it here on their Blog and see the other semi-finalists selected. For this contest, I will need everyone's help!!! They are having their customers involved in selecting the finalists and voting for their favorites. If you like my creations, PLEASE let them know by voting for me on their blog! Here's part of the post:
My answer came today, when my daughter came back from a school visit to a gurdwara in a nearby town. Still buzzing with excitement after her look around the Sikh temple, my daughter explained that her religious plans had changed.
I walked through this archway and into the chapel. When you walk in you first go into the newer chapel which is covered with dozens- maybe even hundreds of mosaics that are beautifully put together with brilliant colors and gold accents- absolutely stunning. From the newer chapel you walk into the older chapel. It was built in the 10th century and it’s built with stone, brick and marble. It is amazing. I also learned a couple of things: when there are pictures of Jesus when he holds his ring finger to his thumb that’s Jesus judging, and there were these little aluminum pictures hanging under icons of saints and when I asked what they were they told me that when someone’s prayers are answered by a certain saint they hang tokens of gratitude under their icon as a gift.
Do you prefer slavery or freedom? I ask that question because the modern-day version of slavery in this country is being forced to join a union -- and pay union dues -- against your will. And, as it turns out, in "union/slave states" there are provably fewer jobs and lower wages.
Young Michelin is a five-piece band led by Romain Guerret, an accomplished solo artist who made two albums under the name Dondolo. Signed to American label Holiday Records, they are trying to merge their 90s English indie-pop influences with the use of French language. Inspired by The Wake, The Field Mice and labels such as Sarah Records, they aim to make music that is simple and honest, and succeed brilliantly, as this instrumental shows.
Reading: Fifty Shades of Grey (shame face). I don't make a habit of reading romance novels because they are just so silly and over the top. But I admit that all the hype about this one made me curious - much like when I picked up Twilight many years ago (though in that case, I couldn't make it past the first chapter). This is not especially well written. It is repetitive. The female lead is annoying and predictable. In any case, I like to be in the know, especially in politics and pop culture. (What an odd pairing.) At least now I can have an informed opinion when the subject comes up. I hear a movie is already in the works - will be interesting to see who takes on those roles.
Well, sorry to depress you all – but that’s what today has been about for me.
5) toban jan (that really hot, red paste that you use to make Mabo Dofu)
You can find the product numbers of the chippies you are interested in by checking out the 2Crafty's website. 2Crafty chippies can be ordered easy peasy from sweet Di Garling just by sending her an email. She accepts settlement by PayPal and international orders are shipped really swiftly by this amazing lady!
Could this be a veiled allusion to Bush's own neglected
Since you are all university students, I assume you have learned some economics before, right? Don’t you remember there is something called “costing” in economics? For anything offered free of charge to you, someone else have to foot the bill.
Second, if a child-free woman wants to smoke a cigarette, parents should have to take their kids elsewhere if they want to protect them from second-hand smoke. Same for cussing, drug use, nudity, and public displays of affection and sexuality. Just get your fucking kids the hell out of there and don’t give anybody a hard time about it.
Make & Model: Toyota Wish 1.8
So let’s counteract that sad beauty with the most inane, pointless band I can think of. B-A-Y, B-A-Y, B-A-Y C-I-T-Y, with an R-O-double L-E-R-S, Bay City Rollers are the best!
Whooping and hollering
Like myself, some of you are in seasons of your life which are somewhat temporary. You aren't living in the same city that you will be living in five years down the road. You aren't working at the job from which you will retire. You aren't living with the friends and family that you will grow old with. Yet, you are called to live!
On August 16, 2010, Hassoun met with the agents and debriefed them on his reconnaissance efforts. He gave them the camcorder and after reviewing the videos, they all discussed the areas that could be targeted to cause maximum casualties with minimum operational difficulty and risk. On August 31, 2010, Hassoun and the undercover agents traveled to Hassoun’s chosen location, which Hassoun said would be crowded with bar patrons.
And return to the source of light.
Panorama stories that Poienile izei area, welcome visitors, hide valuable natural resources and ancient traditions, whose values ​​and applications to be discovered
I am planning some slightly different work to my usual output, as the local library service in Bath is organising an exhibition and competition. To enter you simply choose one of the books they are discarding and transform it or alter it in some way. I am currently playing around with the idea of the double meaning of the word “leaves”, which could refer to the green things that grow on trees or the pages in a book. Over the last couple of days I have been thinking about layering and cutting pages, and these are two designs.
But trim, wire and tape stalk after stalk of flowers to stick into a pleasing arrangement? Thanks, but no thanks, it's really not for the impatient likes of me. I love admiring beautiful and intricate floral arrangements as much as the next person. But attempt to do it myself? Drives me to tears. This klutziness with flowers is likely an extension of how plantlife (and guppies for that matter) has a habit of dying around me. Money plants, cacti, ornamental chilli plants, terrariums...You name it, I've somehow caused it to wither. They call me the plant murderer at home.
Two programs on the similar plane of existence in the annals of college basketball lore, but many would still consider one to be out of place in this final match-up. Kentucky has a roster of talent likely to crash the first-round of the NBA draft. While Davis is busy launching his lanky frame in the air intimidating would be scorers, Jones rebounds and dunks with a ferocity as if whispers of “Cal’s crew can’t win the big one” reverberates in his ears.
However, the people from Orange think that ED looks like an angel, which is why they chose her. Have called whole campaign Angel. Feel immense pride.
P.S. The image is the front page from ETSY a few days ago. I love when ETSY goes all Red Riding Hood on me!
I started by photographing each of the eight beatitudes,
As I have already stated in the course of this opinion, in connection with another phrase of this case from January to June, 1941, President Quezon had issued at least eight Executive Orders in the exercise of his emergency powers, by authority of Commonwealth Act 600. From this it is evident that he did not share the majority view, because despite his having made his report to the Assembly in January, 1941, and even before the enactment of Commonwealth Act No. 620, he believed and considered Commonwealth Act No. 600 as still in force after that date and that he still retained his emergency powers.
thought was so great turned out to be a one way hole into oblivion. I
Having both of these massive events happen on the same day is, at the very least, an amazing synchronicity.
Finally, a big thank you to Ruth Phillips and Julian Merrow-Smith, my new best friends in the Vaucluse! They were complete strangers when I wrote them this morning to see if the name I had chosen for this blog (Postcards from Provence) was too similar to the name of Julian's blog and website (it's called Postcard from Provence and you see it at http://shiftinglight.com/) and if they'd prefer that I change it. I had barely hit send when they replied that I was welcome to use the name...but because they were so nice, I changed it. And then, of course, it turns out that we have friends in common and share food as a passion....and we're already trading restaurant tips. Julian's paintings are very beautiful and quite affordable; they're sold auction style. The pitcher and brioche at the top of this post are his...and I encourage you all to visit his site, which changes daily.
3) Lettuce
At that point, I had to give up on the book. If this is the kind of stuff they deem helpful information, I don’t think I want to know what other landmines are waiting for me in months 7-9. No thanks. Now I know I’m not the audience for this.
As for now, it's just a matter of me trying to perfect my macarons yet again, in this new oven. Wasn't perfecting them once in a different oven enough? I guess not. I'll probably have 2 methods of macaron making now...One for the ancient oven, and another for the brand spanking new one. My only worry now is that my father sees the macarons in the chiller. Oh well, what's done is done!
Ranthambore National Park, Jim Corbett National Park, Sariska Tiger Reserve, Kanha Tiger Reserve and Periyar National Park are some of the most popular destinations for wildlife holidays in India. Thus, it is but obvious that a well-planned holiday in India would be a wonderful experience that can be cherished for lifetime.
Total = 6
When the cameras start rolling, whose star will shine brighter?
You can laugh now. I don't blame you. :)
"Why are you yelling at us?" my son asked.
It makes sense for Geophagy to exist as an inbuilt primitive survival trait in humans, especially during childhood and pregnancy as the Earth’s clay can be a rich source of required minerals such as calcium, sodium and magnesium. However in modern times this can lead to health complications in areas where clay can become contaminated by various pollutants and as mentioned earlier; it is mainly the developed world who views this to be an unusual habit and thus a disorder.
The market opened flat today and then started to decline after the ISM services number was below expectations. In fact, nearly all the potential positives; i.e. FOMC and ECB meetings, have come and gone with no change in monetary policy. Should the payrolls report come in below expectations tomorrow morning, the market will not likely respond favorably.
Honey has antimicrobial enzymes that work wonders on wounds as a poultice. It cleans out nasty infections pretty damn quick. There is a sterilized, expensive form of honey used in the treatment of diabetic wounds.
But we can breathe a little sigh of relief – at least somewhere in the world, right now, there are poor people who are currently balancing out our over-use of nature’s resources. So the world on the whole is ok. Think again….
Right on, Eileen.
Kara is one of those chicks you just can't tell if you find hot or not.
Now, when you need higher than a limited-term resolve or maybe if the exact amount is significant than it has an option to a paycheck mortgage.&nbsp Nevertheless, the treatment depends with your state financial guidelines.&nbsp Many organizations that come with on the internet bank Loans, payday cash Loans, on the internet payday loans, or send-much less Loans are nationally.&nbsp They’ve the resources to recognise the needs and limitations for each and every point out, but not every one of them provide extended terms and conditions far better financial limitations.&nbsp For there is another group of creditors that happen to be unique fot it process.
You have the chance to win the Mini Card Creations set from SP and Company by leaving me a comment with your contact information by February 24th. A winner will be randomly chosen, so good luck!
We have all ----well, at least me---done something in our lives that could have landed us on the wrong side of the law.
Last week, Kal Raustiala and Chris Sprigman, guest bloggers on the New York Times's Freakonomics blog, posted this interesting piece about what football (of the American variety) can teach us about the correlation between copyright protection and innovation. Though focused on copyright, their point can be made easily about any form of intellectual property protection. The question at heart is whether such IP protections are truly the catalyst for innovation.
I used my score board and made them 1 inch wide i scored 1, 3, 5, 7, and ,11 inches then flipped it over and scored at 2, 4, 6, 8,and 10 inches making it easy to make the folds
I sing freedom
Our caterpillars emerged from their chrysalises early this week and today we made our way out to the grass to let them go. The kids all sat in a circle around the butterfly house. I gave them directions about not chasing them and letting them fly off to find a flower, that it was time to say good-bye.
I have a little pocket
Many people are extraordinarily pleased with Sanderson’s offerings, and I can understand why they feel this way, with some reservations. I, too, am pleased that the series is going to be finished. Too much has been personally invested in it to give up now. But I see also that to accomplish his goal (to complete the series in three books) Sanderson has sidelined both Jordan’s characterizations and descriptiveness in order to focus on plot alone. And, to be fair, lots of things happen in this book. But this observation is key: we must note that what we are left with in these final novels is pure plot—character, characteristic and the world itself are essentially dead. We, the readers, are reading only to find out what happens. And while this is a welcome thing for the longtime reader of Jordan, let us not confuse it with being good.
Heat oven to 350F and coat a 9x13" pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine apple slices, lemon juice, 1/4 C sugar, and cinnamon, stirring to mix. Set aside.
So when Spock died, did he die in that mirror universe thing too or did his mirror self come into this world and take over for him, then get replaced with our Spock?
Built in 1980 as a family getaway spot, the home holds all the vacation essentials: a wrap-around porch measuring 2,700 square feet, private dock and 21-foot-long boat, which is included in the sale. The island also has a helipad for ease of transportation to the Marathon and Miami airports.
I’ll admit I spent quite a while staring at this mutton rack and wondering what to do with it. In the end I went for a sensible approach and prepared the mutton a day ahead. I love using anchovies with lamb, so I blitzed two tins of anchovies in olive oil with some rosemary, garlic and black pepper to make a sort of tapenade. I smothered it over the rack, clingfilm-ed it like a mummy and left it in the fridge overnight.
I spent yesterday morning experimenting with making liquid handsoap...yes, I was distracted by the allure of mixing and whipping and pouring and generally making a mess of things, and didn't complete the editing for my Happy Hexagon Crochet tutorial...so I am sorry dear readers, and will get on that asap in the new week...BUT, I think I have unvented (don't you just LOVE that word? Thank you EZ!), a very easy, all natural method of making liquid handsoap, without having to use lye and long cooking times... As you all know, I am totally smitten by the cold processed soap that I had learned to make from Rhonda's lovely blog, and since that, I have only made soap, never bought commercially available soaps again. My kids and husband love it, and Gerry even uses the soap to wash his hair...so all-round a big hit!
I'm not arguing about the quality of most of the songs on this list. But c'mon.....let's be serious....you want 50 ultimate BRITISH songs....and you only have 1 from Scotland, 1 from Wales and 1 from Northern Ireland. Oh and even in terms of the spread of the English contributions, there's an awful big bias in favour of London and the South East.
This, however, is not what the proposed amendment to the Employment Equity Act says. Now the general secretary of the ANC, Mr Gwede Mantashe, has weighed in to the effect that national companies will have to use national demographics and provincially-based companies provincial demographics. This is the opposite of the flexibility of which Mr Zuma speaks.
The world is truly spinning off its axis.
There will be THREE BLESSED WINNERS... who will each receive a $15.00 Gift Certificate to the Our Daily Bread designs Store to go toward the stamps of their choice! Winners will be randomly chosen from all the qualified entries.
STAYING WITH HIM TO PLEASE OTHER PEOPLE- Never do this. So what if you will be a little lonely. So what if your mom really likes him. So what if it’s the easier thing to do. Your priority in life is to be HAPPY. No one else gets to vote on this. Stay with him because you love him, because you’ve forgiven him, because your life doesn’t make sense without him… but NOT because someone else makes you feel like you’re supposed to.
People call and ask if there are hotel spaces available and scream and complain when they are told that there is no more space besides families willing to take them in. People complain that they cannot sleep because of the mosquitoes and why hasn’t someone come to clean up the vomit festering in the corner. They expect that level of service, even in the middle of a war.
Welcome back! It's time for another challenge with the Beyond the Burtonesque Dolls! This is going to be a fun one! Not that any of them aren't fun! This time around, your challenge is: "If I were a zombie...I'd eat you most!" So, ya need to make something lovey-dovey, but zombified!!! You will have 2 weeks for this challenge, and since this is the first Tuesday of the month, you can make anything you want. It does not need to be an altered project. So let's see what the Design Team has created!
also watched while having more internet problems. Not bad again. Some
Blowing cool stagnant, strains of bacteria
"Three big things happened to me when I moved to San Francisco: I found myself; I met the love of my life; and I got breast cancer." ~ Sonia, i live here:SF
Buying the first issue in my local newsagents. I'd been bereft ever since ACTION bit the bullet and the rich diet of Dan Dare, Dinos and Dredd seemed the perfect pick-me-up.
Here in Greece though pumpkin is not as popular as on the other side of the Atlantic. Just to give you an idea we only make two types of pies from pumpkin, one sweet and one savory and that’s about it. Don’t ask me why. I have no idea. The fact remains that here pumpkin does not enjoy the respect, usage, acceptance and love it enjoys in the US.
“The day is over, I’ve had my fill of the scraps you left behind, you'll wanna come back to the beach tomorrow (I know you will) and I'll be back then. See ya…”
BONUS TIP: A Bad Snack That Seems Good
Bu Yong offers a dried persimmon to her sister and insists on it even though Hwa Yong has already declined. Somehow the dried persimmon falls to the ground and Hwa Yong tries to reach it but she trips on her skirt and accidentally hurts Bu Yong’s face – with the iron.
If there are any words you are really desperate for, write me a comment and I will see if I can make it quicker for you (not promising... but I will do my best!)
Colossians 3:17 And whatever you do in word or in deed, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him.
4. Vampires, werewolves, and angels/demons, oh my! There are other paranormal creatures out there. I'm a sucker for this cliche, though. Overdone as they might be, I still love a good story with any of these creatures.
My mum and dad visited this week which was lovely, and mum showed me her pattern for a tea cosy. I choose some lovely rowan wool from my stash in purple and green and knitted the Joanne Tea Cosy for my wee granny for mothers day. I found a lovely green and purple ribbon from John Lewis to finish it off. I might knit one for myself!
“The bibliography is fine. I’ll tell you exactly what this is: cultural backlash. Six years of anti-Americanism has manifested itself in European disdain for the kind of revolutionary research represented by Stanford football’s suicide letter. They haven’t directly said ‘plagiarism’ but we all know what’s at stake here, what they’re insinuating. I stand by the football department and their work. It’s daring stuff. It’s the kind of writing that made this country the locus of late twentieth century literature at the expense of continental Europe, and they know it.”
To ensure shipping before the Christmas Holidays orders must be placed by December 4, 2011.
I debated going to see a doc about my heel, but I figured, what was the point at this point? Whether it’s almost fractured or not, it’s already injured, and I’m already planning on not running for two weeks after this race, so I might as well just run it!
It’s limpid to see how this incident has made many people of all ethnicities, especially African Americans frustrated and exasperated that justice has not been served in Trayvon’s case. I understand the anger, it angers me as well; I see the reasoning behind marches and inveighing. But where were these marches for the million dead Iraqis, the innocent families eradicated by drones, where were these marches when our very own government funded terrorist groups that killed 40,000 Black Libyans, or the hundreds of thousands of injustices that never see national attention? I know it’s easier to relate to Trayvon’s case because it’s so close to home, but million of injustices are never fought.
2011, US, directed by Rob Marshall
Instead of throwing out the water, I have a simple bucket system set up to collect cool water that is run for while waiting for hot water. The water can be used for a variety of things, but I use it for flushing the toilet. There are two methods of flushing the toilet.
Joe Pelaia, Maryland SRTS Coordinator
Now, I will be making a meal for about 15-20 people for the first time at the end of May. We are hosting a buffet-style brunch for my son's baptism and, being from an Italian family, it is crucial that I follow tradition and provide far more food than my guests can possibly eat. The catch? Everything needs to be able to be prepared in advance and it needs to be able to withstand the heat since we will be hosting brunch on our apartment's roof deck.
And there you have it, the backwards loop cast on:) Can you believe how easy that was??? You just keep on adding loops to the needle for the amount of stitches you will need for a particular project.
Anyone can write a blog or article but it actually takes a lot of hard work to produce pieces that are socially relevant and influential. We need more effective bloggers and online writers who have what it takes to write from the heart and connect with their readers in a really effective and efficient way. Are you empowered now? If yes, then go ahead and offer your readers what you’ve got through your great articles and blogs!
'I can't bear not feeling in control now,' she says. 'I hate the fact that there are nights out, periods of time that I simply can't remember.'
I wrote a couple of shorts for competitions that might raise my profile.
Here’s what we are doing: Marble Nails.
Back in the fall we helped our dear friends in Alabama harvest their first sorghum crop. It was lots of fun and a load of work too! Here, where we live, our neighbors make sorghum every year and we usually help out in the fields- so it was a new adventure when we were blessed with the opportunity to help out our friends.
Source: Michigan Department of Human Services
I guess, the real reason why my Bali experience is my “Top Ranked” was because it was my first trip abroad – ALONE. I had turned 21 and my Mom felt I ought to take a break from what was the busiest year in college. I got a week off in November, but she couldn’t join me – long story short … My uncle based in Jakarta – was my only “local guardian” in Bali!!!
Lime Cream:
I was going to title this "Why we vote for the worst for our grandchildren", but I realize that if you don't have grandchildren, this might not mean much to you. Or, if you do, you might be pissed that someone thinks you don't care about them. (which really isn't the case)
There is so much chatter flowing out of their brain through their mouths and into my ears that by the time I arrive at a suggestion and or an invitation to join me … all I hear are negative affirmations… “but you don’t understand, I have anxiety… I have laundry to do.. I don’t have time”…
Bridget Duke is the uncontested ruler of her school. The meanest girl with the biggest secret insecurities. And when new girl Anna Judge arrives, things start to fall apart for Bridget: friends don’t worship as attentively, teachers don’t fall for her wide-eyed “who me?” look, expulsion looms ahead and the one boy she’s always loved—Liam Ward—can barely even look at her anymore.
I love a good dive bar. I don't know if le Baiser Salé would really be considered one, but the night I went there it had a few of the key elements that make a place divey for me: mediocre to crappy drinks, a strange mixture of clients (including the obligatory unsavory ones) and dark a ambiance punctuated with red lights.
4.In a kadai,heat oil and butter,add Jeera,Cardamom,Cloves,Bay Leaves.
The nano site says: “Writing a novel in a month is both exhilarating and stupid, and we would all do well to invite a little more spontaneous stupidity into our lives.” By doing both NaNoWriMo and NaBloPoMo I’m inviting more than just a little spontaneous stupidity into my life, but I’m looking forward to it. I’m a very slow writer, so I’ll probably end up writing stream of consciousness, which is a cheat since it’s not exactly writing a novel, but I’m doing this more as a vision quest than a writing exercise. Grief digs deep into one’s psyche, dislodging buried feelings and thoughts — sort of like digging for fossils in a tar pit. I’m hoping that by forcing myself to write an insane number of words the loosened bits will surface, bringing me enlightenment. Or wisdom. Or . . . just about anything other than self-pity.
Paisley has started doing so many fun things this month. Here are her milestones:
The week before I boarded this huge airplane, I found myself traveling through the Atlanta, Georgia airport with a long layover that stretched into evening. After a typically satisfying meal with my friends at One Flew South on the "E" concourse, I realized that the gate was only a few hundred feet away. My gate. The one through which, in a week's time, I would be striding to begin the Grand Adventure. How could I resist? I walked down the concourse and gazed at the people boarding Air France, incredulous at their nonchalance. Was I really going to be one of them? Was the trip actually going to occur? Seven days to go...
Her living sisters were afraid of their own toys because they didn’t know what toys had belonged to the dead girl and they didn’t want to play with the toys of somebody who was dead. They had played so freely and intensely that they could not separate the toys of the living from the toys of the dead.
I have been planning on unfollowing BGR on Twitter and Google Reader for a while now, but I finally did it. Not because BGR hates RIM, but because articles like this are embarrasing and amatuer. I’m sorry that RIM didn’t want to give you a Dev Alpha for you to rip on for the next 6 months. Can you really blame them? Stop acting like a 5 year old and focus on your business. Articles like this show your true colors and make people like me stop reading your site. Good bye for good.”
“You know, there are two good things in life, freedom of thought and freedom of action. In France you get freedom of action: you can do what you like and nobody bothers, but you must think like everybody else. In Germany you must do what everybody else does, but you may think as you choose. They’re both very good things. I personally prefer freedom of thought. But in England you get neither: you’re ground down by convention. You can’t think as you like and you can’t act as you like. That’s because it’s a democratic nation. I expect America’s worse.”
Asia is a name of a body of land,
Weigh is falling down, still having 2 meals per day. No tricks, eat less move more. During weekends have long walks (8-10 hours, about 35 kilometers@5 kph, about 4.500 kcal).
DAP Johor Chairman Boo Cheng Hao only knows how to play political tricks and talk nonsense, and has underestimated the wisdom of the voters by continuing to use the same tricks in an attempt to fool the voters.
Depends on the situation, I suppose!
From God to local bobby, in home and street and school
Something similar and equally interesting has happened now that Kel and I are dog owners. We do not have a public park nearby to take Ike to, but when we bring him with us on errands, people want to come over and meet him (it doesn't seem to matter that Ike really isn't interested in meeting them). Saying hello to Ike is an introduction to us and usually the segue into a long conversation.
I spent this weekend doing a bit of research on bubbles and check out the coolness that I found!
One of the sponsors of the bill, senator Raymond Lesniak (D-Union) portrayed the initiative as “a way to support property values and reduce crime by getting people into vacant homes, provide municipal tax revenues while stabilizing the housing market.” The other sponsors of the bill are senators Barbara Buono (D-Middlesex) and Assemblyman Jerry Green (D-Union).
(August 7, 1982)
Hi! It's me, Faith a.k.a. Markie's Mom. When I volunteered to focus on Inkssentials pens this week, I think I heard a collective groan from the Flourishes... They were certain my card would be filled with dots. In my own defense, dots are easy, inexpensive embellishments to any card or 3-D project. And, I LOVE them! However, I wanted to share another favorite technique with you today.
Well, that was the plan.
I asked the lady if the shop was just a pop up shop and she told me that it was now a permanent fixture which is fantastic as I've always wanted to see all the MO polishes before buying and I find that Boots don't stock the entire range.
Third, to get a really soft, satiny look on up close shots of the dog, such as the one below, try setting a small aperture (in this case f/16), high shutter speed (1/1000). The ISO was 2000. The result is the camera does not have as much data to work with, so the pixels are softened. Personally, I love the satiny look of the dog’s fur.
There are some places in the world where it is impossible to take a “bad photograph”. Patagonia is one of them. However it is very easy to take a photograph of one of these places and have it not look as good as when you were there (I can’t take a great manatee photo to save my life.) Anyways, Ian finds a way to make an amazing place look amazing. Like you could just raft down this crazy river and then grab a cold beer on the shore while checking out the spectacular purple and gold mountains in the background. I know this is sunrise, but in my dream I have a beer. Thanks Ian for adding a new line to my bucket list of things to see and flights to spend my frequent flyer miles on. Also I want to mention Ian’s website “Dreamscapes” http://www.ianplant.com has several incredible images that I would love to hang on my wall. So check it out and while you are there bookmark his blog, it is well worth the read. My brother and I read it every week!
You might or might not know that so far, this blog has been a school project. Now that my class is ending, I have no scholastic reason to continue blogging. But just because school is over for the semester doesn’t mean that my passions for cooking and traveling left with it! I will continue to post whenever I cook, discover, or travel internationally (okay, so the last one is more of a dream). So feel free to check back occasionally, or subscribe to email updates!
Besides the obvious of location and guest list, there are two main parts to planning a party: decor and food.
I'm busy mourning loved ones during one of the most family oriented seasons ever.
I realized this morning that I need to SLOW down. I feel like I am going full-speed with everything.
The Ferrocarril de Sóller‘s narrow-gauge train, with its wooden cars, had a historic feel, which makes sense because the train line has been operating since 1912. We climbed aboard the last car as soon as the train arrived at the station. Once seated, it did not take long before the action started. The engine was removed from the “front” of the train, driven(?) along another track to the “back” of the train, then reattached to make the “back” the “front.” As all of this was going on, we noticed a group of five waiting on the platform near our car. We wondered why they didn’t just get into our car, which only contained my husband and me. As the engine locked into place, the five walked toward the train. Ah! They wanted to be in the engine car. Too bad, because once hooked up, the train pulled forward, leaving the gaping-mouthed ticket-holders on the platform.
I loved the rhythms and sounds of Arnold's poem, and the whole idea of mermaids and their undersea world - and most of all I loved the sadness of this story.
In a sale of assets like this, it is very hard for a creditor to block the process either. D&P can clearly show that there has been very little real interest, and Mr Miller’s offer is the best they are going to get. The valuations of the fixed assets at over £100,000,000 are irrelevant.
8. Bing Ji Ling - You Shook Me All Night Long (3:00)
Jack: Darcy
We offer him the option of choosing whatever he wants to have for dinner and dessert for the evening. His choice? "Grilled cheese sandwiches! And can I make them?" We have a panini maker. I think that he can make them on there easily enough. With supervision of course. So that is the plan for tomorrow night. Natty's "reward" for his thoughtfulness and unselfishness on a Saturday morning is to make grilled cheese sandwiches for the family for Sunday dinner. And so therefore, that is why I had to do another shameless brag about this child!
*Basic cheap cafe
Saturday Afternoon- After our run we met with some friends at Washington Park where everyone and their mom was out in full force. I have never seen a park crowded like that?! We lounged in camp chairs, drinking beer, and got up now and then to play various games (washers, Kan Jam, Frisbee). Funnnnn in the sun!
Tony Hawk's Downhill JamTony Hawk’s Downhill Jam
So how does one learn about it when not in school?
starring James Mason, Susan George, Perry King,
Now? I'm regretting only making six for her. I could really use one of these now - especially after looking at the photos again!
Cool typography invites:)
I am watching my citrus trees grow with each passing day, they are amazing! I need to go out and give them a good soaking, today, since I didn’t yesterday. New growth, more blossoms, happy trees. Ahh…
You may recall that last year, we did an Episode Zero in which we relaxed our usual spoiler policy slightly, and just talked about what we know about the upcoming series of Doctor Who unencumbered by our usual musical score or our pace-setting editing trickery.
A pinch of ground cinnamon
Start up a blog called FOOTBALLERS AND PUPPIES.
Great, I thought, lightin' up a smoke.
From the bottom of my heart, from the depth of my soul, thank you. Thank you for the comments, the emails, sharing your stories. Thank you for the encouragement, the advice, and the friendship. It feels so amazing to be understood, to have no judgement, and to finally be free from feeling pressed in on all sides. I took some advice, and talked to a couple of really close, non-judgemental friends. I am feeling a lot better most of the time, and plan to just get back on track emotionally. Hubs is doing really good, what a relief! We sent out a box of his favorite sweets yesterday, and some cards and gifts. I'm really excited for him to open them. Thank you ladies again for being such amazing rocks! Your thoughts and your prayers really do lift people up. Thank you!
OMG I would LOVE these tickets!! My kids have been begging me to go there, but it never seems to be in our budget. We drive past there every weekend and every weekend they ask when we are going :) This would make them SO happy to be able to go...FINALLY!!! I have 3 kids and myself so 4 would be absolutely p-e-r-f-e-c-t.
Step 6: Using Valspar's Antiquing glaze, I dry brushed lightly onto the stands until I had covered all areas, paying special attention to the nooks and crannies. Then, using a completely dry paper towel, I rubbed the glaze into the paint, until it was dry and started to glaze into the "splotches" that the RL metallic finish had created.
Bottom line is that while some have tried to renege on the unwritten contract to park there, most have stuck there safely...and littered the place in the process as well:-(
1 carrot, julienned
Then he added, “That way my subconscious would be working on it and at the same time I would be listening to other people and noticing everything…”
~Engage in writing exercises designed to spark your imagination and get you writing;
This silent afternoon heat is different from the sweet morning when blossoms of stargazer lily perfumed the air. It’s the summer afternoon we’ve been waiting for all year – earth heated and air still, only the tiniest breeze. Clothes bake stiff on the line. It’s quiet because it is hot, and quiet because it’s too hot to fuss – too dry to transplant or plant. Grass grows dormant.
Hot break, small flecks in the brew.
5.we're all weird
If this child is a boy, he may grow up to be just like the insensitive father who would copulate with his future wife in the same violent manner. If it is a girl, she may never be predisposed to kindness or maternal instincts and may well become an insensitive sexual partner or a bitter mother for no particular reason.
Nor is the Abkhazian crisis the only one brewing in the Black Sea. Last month, Russian naval troops blocked Ukrainian bailiffs from seizing navigational equipment from a lighthouse outside Sevastopol, the Crimean base of Russia's Black Sea Fleet for two centuries.
What I think I need is one of those accidents/surprises other people sometimes have. But that would entail Macondo Papa and I deciding to see if maybe we could have an accident. Because we're like that. And then we'd be right back where we are right now.
The total for communications industry spending in the United States for 2011, including services, is expected to top a trillion dollars in 2011, up from $985 million in 2010.
Over and over, the Obama administration claims to be creating jobs and working for an economic recovery; while with the other hand they issue regulations that work to the opposite effect—killing job opportunities, damaging industries—and extending the length of the recession. All that “investment” has gone to paying off his supporters, not to rescuing the economy. He knows how to do payback, it’s the recovery he doesn’t understand.
I'll be honest... this crossed my mind more than once. But the fact that I've had the same issues two-three months in a row... I was pretty sure that was ruled out. So I had to break down and tell Dr.Garcia about my crazy realistic dream, and that it was so real I took a pregnancy test. He was so relieved when I told him that it was negative, and he said that he felt a lot better about my issues.
But can you blame me?? Look it at my handsome little boy!
If you have life insurance through your employer, it is more than likely a term life policy. This kind of coverage pays a specific death benefit to your beneficiaries for a loss that occurs during a specific amount of time. This timeframe is referred to as the term of the policy which is where this coverage gets its name. Typically, term policies are less expensive than whole life policies but become increasingly more expensive to renew as you get older. Term policies are generally used to provide protection for those left behind. For this reason, many people purchase a term life policy when they buy a house or have a family. Securing a policy that provides enough money to pay off the mortgage, pay for college tuition, or cover other debts and obligations can give you the peace of mind that comes from knowing you have taken care of those that depend on you. Most insurers offer term life policies in a variety of amounts and time frames which allows you to customize your policy to meet your exact needs.
Please post the name of your blog followed by the item you reviewed. For example, Laura’s Reviews (The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson).
Maybe it was earned
*think soft /fluffy to shade and short/dense to pack the colour on especially with pure pigments*
Hekate as well is another example of a super-syncretistic goddess. She first appears in Hesiod’s Theogony, but becomes particularly important during the Graeco-Egyptian period in magical texts. In the periods before this, she was connected to or shared attributes with such deities as the Thracian Bendis, and was also put into association with Cybele; but, in later periods, she combined with Artemis, Selene, and even Persephone, and was also connected to non-Greek deities like the Near Eastern Ereshkigal. She also had a variety of epithets, including Enodia, which were potentially independent goddesses to begin with, and under which she was still solely invoked in later periods.
Looking back over my first season reviews, I was surprised I gave as many five-star ratings as I did, but it’s a relative rating to itself, really. AMOK TIME gets a four-star rating in the universe of TOS episodes. Compare it to INFERNO, which is a four or four and a half star DOCTOR WHO story and AMOK TIME would come in with a solid two and a half stars. A better comparison for STAR TREK would probably be something like BUCK ROGERS or the original BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, but I won’t get around to reviewing those shows for quite a while.
1. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Dredge shrimp in flour, then egg, then panko.
6 large washed artichokes (when you’re buying them, make sure they’re not discolored)
Might give
I read while I sipped my liquid dinner because my jaw hurt too much to chew.
If it hasn't become painfully obvious already - I seriously have no idea what I'm talking about when I post about things like layering rooms. It all sounds good when I write it out. It makes sense to me. But, it pretty much falls apart after that. I'm not trained in design. I'm just feeling my way through this.
Cast aside your mourning veils, join all of your tears
On: Watch
“My personality.”
You throw the ingredients into your mixer the night before and after the dough is all kneaded and gooey, put it into a large buttered bowl and stick it in the refrigerator for the night. The next day, let that sit at room temperature for an hour. Divide in half, shape each half into a 6" x 8" rectangle and roll up. Place each one seam side up in two greased loaf pans.
Company Contact:
Another of Sir Winston’s grandsons, Nicholas Soames commented in the Commons. On July 17th 2007 he said, “foreign immigration is now 25 times higher than it has ever been in the past, … The sharp increase in immigration is no accident. To suggest, as Ministers do, that it is all a result of the fall of communism or of globalisation is, frankly, bizarre. The numbers point clearly to a massive increase since the present Government came to power in 1997. Part of the increase is due to their failure during their first five years in office to get a grip on asylum claims, of which more than 60 per cent. were eventually judged to be unfounded. Another part is due to their decision to allow a massive increase in work permits, which have trebled since 1997. At the same time, their decision in June 1997 to abolish the primary purpose rule has led to the number of spouses admitted to Britain doubling from 20,000 to 40,000 a year.” He was accused hysterically of getting his information from the BNP!
"excuse me"
3) Dougal & Gammer
Seven times in 19 years there are 13 full moons in a calendar year, which means that one season that year has four full moons. When a particular season has four full moons, the third was called a blue moon so that the fourth and final one could continue to be called the late moon.
We just finished planting our 1st veggie garden.
ps. Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite blogs at Company magazine's Blog Awards, head over HERE to submit your vote and to possible win some shopping vouchers as well.
G is for being so gentle and kind
INCLUDES excerpt of Kindle Bestseller Color My Horse by Bev Pettersen
Thousands of documents were seized from Landau’s artifact-filled Manhattan apartment. Prosecutors say he schemed for years, if not decades, to steal valuable documents signed by historical figures from both sides of the Atlantic including George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Marie Antoinette, and Charles Dickens. The oldest document listed in the plea was dated 1479.
Ribbon recycled from flowers
Much of RAND’s work was always ideological, designed to support the American values of individualism and personal gratification as well as to counter Marxism, but its ideological bent was disguised in statistics and equations, which allegedly made its analyses “rational” and “scientific.” Abella writes:
He wields the sword Sarcasm like an extension of himself, fluidly and precisely. He isn’t into purses, but he likes shoes. Guy shoes, you know. He skies and snowboards, but he likes snowboarding better. He doodles, but he doesn’t doodle flowers or horses; he doodles dragons and superheroes and spends time wondering what superpower he would pick if he were to one day get struck by lightning or fall accidentally into a vat of toxic waste. He knows neither of those things will ever happen.
I would take you to Rwanda so you can see how I lived for a couple of years, visit the mountain gorillas, and look for my friend Marie-Josée because she’s awesome and you’d totally get along.
Yet, God had plans for me!
That you will tear yourself from me.
I started with a 2' by 4' piece of prefinished plywood. My dad, who builds cabinetry for a living, let me have this piece from his shop and cut it to size for me. If you don't have a handyman in the family like I do, you can have this done at Home Depot or Lowe's.
However, my newfound friends have found a solution to this problem. They have developed a network of people who run similar businesses within Owino, and rely on people in these networks to extend quick credit to each other in times of deficits.
Alan will be reading extracts from his forthcoming haiku collection due out in the Summer; as well as from the anthology he co-edited with Washington State haiku writer Michael Dylan Welch.
if we dare
Pets that I owned, or owned me: dogs, cats, hamster, bird, Rat, crabs.
Did you watch Reading Rainbow as a kid?
And he was the first socialist ruler to turn to pragmatism in deciding economic policy, thus anticipating China's Deng, Russia's Gorbachev and Britain's Prime Minister Blair by 60 years or more. Europe has still not entirely moved away from direct government participation in industry so Mussolini's influence has stretched far forward right into our time. As one expert (Nicholas Farrell) on the history of Italian Fascism puts it:
We brought him out of the trailer and placed him in his pen, surrounded by a nice electronet fence, charged to it's fullest (it hurts!) The darn thing ran right thru. See two accidental farmers chasing said pig up and down the strawberry patch.
If not for Pinay Fitness who asked me to go with them on a press conference thing, I wouldn't have known that Century Tuna is sponsoring the world's largest triathlon series and that we have a Century Tuna Tri-Hard team. Clearly, in the fitness world, I live under a rock.
Yesterday I took two of my nephews to see The Addams Family. I LOVE musicals (Christina Bainbridge, you and I need to hang out!) but I knew nothing about the Addams Family. Yeah, I've heard of them but I've never seen the show, movie, etc. I was kinda roped into it by accident, thanks to a mistake by my MIL and I wasn't really that interested. However, I ended up being pleasantly surprised! I didn't think the music was great, but it was really funny. And it probably wasn't the most appropriate show for a 7-year old. It wasn't my idea to take him though, so you can't blame me! We did have a great time though.
Will the Circle Be Unbroken--Roy Acuff and His Smokey Mt. Boy, 1940. (Okeh 05567)
Snow days---what every child hopes for and every mother dreads!
Prepare Macaroni and Cheese with milk and butter according to package directions. Heat Chili in a small pan. Stir Chili and Mac and Cheese together. Heat through on low heat to combine flavors.
“Yes, and I imagine the horror of what he’d done dawned on poor Mr. Baines as well. He was, after all, the only child of only children and the legacy of his entire line had been bound up in that child. Is it any wonder he died not long after? Our distant side of the family inherited his holdings and sold them off piecemeal. You owe your college education to that sad turn of events, matter of fact.”
I have climbed another tree
During the seminar Lindel guided us (with the use of the manual and DVD) through many exercises and initiations designed to speed up our vibrations and activate our light body; so that we can embody more light and love, and understand that we are multi-dimensional beings with cells that communicate through the language of light.
5 building
6. Do you consider yourself a speed reader?
Dr Lysander is framed in the door. Tall, thin and white-coated. Dark hair pulled straight back. Thick glasses. She glides, silent as a ghost the whispers say, always seems to know before it happens when someone falls into red. But she’s not like some of the nurses who can bring you back with a hug. She isn’t exactly what you would call nice.
There’s a stranger speaks outside her door
Now I must confess to finding it hard not to re-arrange this one but I kept my hands to myself :-)
I wrote about the mongoose, which were also introduced to St. John and other tropical islands to control rats (which they didn’t), such as the Big Island of Hawaii. Why Did the Mongoose Cross the Road?
Five feet from the car.
However. Against Utd recently, I groaned when i saw the starting line up. Too defensive proclaimed I. A team full of attacking intent I sarcastically tweeted. And yet we took it to the champions, smashing in 4 goals at Old Trafford and having more shots against them for as long as i can remember. The same against Fulham. 4 goals. And yet against Stoke last night we finally play 442, for which many have been clamouring all season and we peter out to a 1-1 draw. Perception of attacking intent is the key. It is the mindset rather than the formation which begets an attacking display.
You may need to click on the chart if a magnifying glass is not handy!
* Spirituality and Gaia
Tolerance and a smile wouldn't hurt either.
Don't have any pics to share of my wonderful life in Menifee... But today in my lesson I got to talk about the Spirit World. I got to share a little bit about my sweet niece Erin. I share these pics with the ladies today. Here are a few flower shots taken the day of her funeral. Those cherry blossoms always bring me peace.
This is my heart – hurriedly photographed so I could catch the post:
Even dreary, overcast days have their moments. In the past week, I've paused in the morning to watch a waterfall of leaves tumbling into the empty canal before a cool, damp wind, and stopped in the evening to admire the way that a grey light reduced the landscape to a simple, but elegant lesson in perspective and geometry.
I had these 9 canvases that I got at the dollar store several years ago & I covered them with patterned paper to make my own "art". After changing them a couple of times, I was ready for something new again.
Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
To end my post on early grief, I would just say, please don't tell me your sorry that I loss my baby. If you lost a child who was of an older age, I wouldn't say, "I'm sorry that you loss your teenager." You would have loss your son/daughter. I loss my son. A little boy that would have ran around with his brother's, rode bikes, ate pizza, played baseball, needed his boo boos to be kissed, blew out birthday candles, opened Christmas presents, went to his first day of Kindergarten, and would have run up to me and wrapped his arms around my legs saying, " I love you mommy." The loss is endless.
with hands calloused and grooved
1½ teaspoons salt
I just received an email today that made me yearn more for summertime it was from Betty Crocker receipes. I want to share this with you because they sound so yummy. I am making sure to put them in a safe place, I have a tendency to delete, so when summer plans are in the making I will be the first to offer a new dessert.
Hatred for what? If Communism, then maybe. I for one hate the ideology of communism with a passion. I hate what it has done to people and countries all over the world. If he meant hatred for blacks, then he is mistaken. It is a myth that the war was white against black.
If you don’t recognize much in the picture (aside from that stole I never seem to work on and the socks that live in my purse without a deadline) that is okay, I finished off a bunch of stuff in the past two weeks, including the other pair of socks and two cowls.
Have a great day darlings!
20) I was an Anthro major/Psych minor.
As Milligan got towards the end of his 'forecast', he said "and now for a look at tonight's weather...", raised the chart (which turned out to be in front of a window), looked through it and announced "looks pretty nice outside tonight, folks..."
Cranberry- The American cranberry bush will do well in loamy, fertile soil.
Klaus Mayer - Flute, Synthesizer
Pia says that these vegetarian sausages were “born out of poverty — a way to make readily available ingredients stand in for more expensive meat”.
It's beautiful Fall weather up here in NY, and we are enjoying every second of it. I hope wherever you are, you're having lovely weather as well.
So I am still not sure if I want to share this with everyone, but decided why not since it is a good thing.
A lesser-known tower, completed in 1860, was named the Victoria Tower in honour of Queen Victoria.
CHU SY, SINGLETON JA, MCCAULEY MM, ORENSTEIN WA, HUGHES JM, MAWLE AC, MODLIN JF. Influenza vaccine for health working adults. J Am Med Assoc 2001; 285: 291-292.
But two boys battling for her heart is just the start. Soon there’s a dead body in the woods, a motorcycle gang on the prowl, and the snow just won’t stop falling. Something evil is at work, and only Faye and best friend Liz can stop it. As Hallowe’en draws near they must uncover the dark and sinister secret... before it’s too late.
The transformation of my son's toddler room into a Big Boy Room was definitely the most rewarding. He is such a sweetheart and had been waiting so patiently for his room to match his maturity. Picturing his expression when I revealed the room to him still brings tears to my eyes. And the fact that this room was featured on numerous sites, including Design*Sponge, Ohdeedoh, BabyCenter, CasaSugar and Centsational Girl, certainly didn't hurt in the attention it received.
As she was prepped, with her husband now gowned by her side, she told me about their miracle. After twenty-one years of marriage, at the age of forty-four, she was about to give birth to her first biological child. She told me about how difficult it been after Jordan's death, how there had been times when they had felt they couldn't go on, that life had seemed hopeless and over for them. They saw this new baby not only as a promise of a new beginning but also as a precious cosmic gift from Jordan. Their excitement stretched like a tent over a framework of hope.
By Alloway's auld haunted kirk.
Choosing your favourite top five every ten weeks
Much on their minds is their new potential for childbearing, an event that for most of human history has been fraught with physical peril.
Don't you think it's interesting???
5. Bite the Bullet – 3:30
Now mister please go easy with me
So... what did you have last weekend? If you're new to the Weekend Eating meme, you can read the rules and get the badge codes HERE. My heartfelt thanks to everyone who joined last week.
Here's the Good News! God is the Judge of the Universe, but He's also a merciful Judge. When we ask, He forgives. How many times have we had to tell our parents, our kids, brothers and sisters, friends, and spouse that we're sorry. Why is it any different with God? He forgives us unconditionally. That means, unlike your friends and family, He remembers it no more. His mercies are new each morning. God is good. It says He is abundant in mercy. That means there's no limit to how many times He'll forgive you. It feels great to be forgiven, it's a balm to our souls and gives us the ability to forgive ourselves.
Liverpool 0-1 Fulham
“We agreed to divide domestic profits 8 to 2 (80% to 20%), and overseas profits 5 to 5 (50%/50%),” Park said. “But excluding last year’s payment of $135,000, they have failed to distribute the profits properly.”
What are the upcoming plans of the band?
And this place is no joke. There are literally THOUSANDS of guards and warriors at the Temple and the surrounding city. It kind of reminds me of "D3 - the Vault of the Drow" in terms of this vast, evil city. How do you infiltrate it? You can't possibly hope to slay 2,000 guards and 5,000 killer frogs. So you need a plan. You need some kind of strategy and stealthy approach.
I think she does a pretty good job with it.
It's the same logic that produced "pre-pone." If you can postpone something by moving it farther away in time, why not prepone something by making it more near? (That sentence, in fact, may not be grammatically correct.)
Then, a number of months ago, I began to have new symptoms -- pulsating pain in my ankle -- so my doctor requested x-rays and based on the results of those, she decided that an osteopathic surgeon should be consulted. That was last fall or early winter, and I had just about given up of ever being called in for an appointment.
So we start off with the fact that the kids will be starting school. Cassie will be entering 10th grade, Jason 4th and Jack 2nd. It's amazing that we've been lucky enough to be stationed here for this long. We arrived in Camp Lejeune at the end of Cassie's 6th grade year (Jason's kindergarten year). Sucks how fast time goes by once you become an adult. Ugh!
I just love how the marshmallow fluff breaks through the chocolate
This week there were two grim news stories illustrating the callousness of American society towards its young adults.
Though my time with Soub's mum were small bits carved out of a busy modern life, I cherish those bits and the woman I came to know and love. Not because she was my beloved's mother, but because she was a wonderful person in her own right who loved to laugh, to gossip, to share a cuppa, and who opened her heart and home to me.
And without further ado, here are the designs that caught my eye for capturing the essence of the 'Christmas in July' challenge ...
The above is no standard issue kitchen. It is stunning. But I think that mismatched stool has been intentionally placed in front of the dishwasher to distract from the black hole it creates in the photo. We are meant to see the fireplace and beautiful windows instead.
The Hunger Games
Ok, So I forgot about my gratitude list until I was too busy getting ready for ARGH to sit at the computer - and then I was gone for this wednesday. So I have two lists I want to do right now before the kids wake up.
Garam Masala : 1tsp
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance- it is the illusion of knowledge."
We are so blessed to have our wonderful family and we celebrated our blessings with a a great feast. Turkey, green bean casserole, cranberry salad, mashed potatoes (with lumps, please), homemade bread, stuffing, pumpkin pie and my sister's cheesecake. Mmm . . . mmm . . . mmm!
In other news, we're still having odd winter weather. We seem to hover around 3-5 inches of snow. It doesn't seem to snow much when it does and then it starts melting within a couple days. We have really cold weather (last night it was in the -20C range) and then a couple days later it will warm up again. We have a crazy amount of ice between our house and the neighbours. Between our dryer vent and their eaves draining, there's a lot of melting/freezing going on.
That hour, o'night's back arch the keystane,
And we all know what that spells, don't we?
These are the truths that Lexi has heard all her life.
This week I finally found my copy of the last issue of "The Mother" magazine. It arrived the morning of the big Autumn clean and ended up tidied into suitcase of prefold nappies??? A nice surprise to come across it yesterday and to delve between the covers of this conscious parenting, gentle, thoughtprovoking magazine.
So, technically, when things like this are said:
P.S.S.S. Don't answer that please. I don't wanna know.
I have felt at times right on the edge. I have been using coping mechanisms a bit such as distraction and running all the stress out of myself to cope. When I think too much about what is happening right now my mind runs off and I am struggling to hold the tears back.
With a few fresh faces, and plenty of old familiar ones from the Winter Course, we started out bright and early at 7:30AM and got off to a great start.
Instead, my brothers and I folded them back up into empty cubes, and made elaborate forts and tunnels out of them in the vacant hay mow of our old barn. We put flattened boxes on the floor so our knees wouldn’t get sore. We spent hours up there being active and creative. And getting hungry.
I also don’t seem to have had a chain last more than a couple of years even though I doubt I’ve cycled more than about 4000 miles a year. And when the chain needs replacing, more than likely so does the rear cassette, at which point I realise I’ve only ever really used 3 of the 8 cogs.
He comes into the kitchen, sniffing and making a move to look into the pots. No! It's not there! I say sharply before he looks. Uh... leave the pots.
Husband and I have been working on the garage for several weekends now. I didn't take any before pictures, but it was full. I am talking lets get the cameras here for a hoarding episode, full. The garage is a single, filled to capacity. When we closed our welding shop down a couple years ago, all of our leftover equipment and stock, we didn't sell, came home........to the garage........the already overfull garage.
Sliced black olives
Maisa: Ms. Anwaar, we are very sorry for this intrusion, but we felt that we had to follow you so that we can protect you.
Of cheery cherries and playful pears,
ABM may argue that they have studied and discussed such experiences. But busy librarians can not learn about indicators from debates that take place in committees rooms and behind closed doors. Like the sciences, professions need to discuss and exchange arguments in public.
The party says in its papers that a state bank should not only be defined in terms of ownership, but in terms of the services that are delivered by Post Bank.
"Last Journey: A Father and Son in Wartime" has received warm reviews. In the seventh year of the war, myriad books on Iraq have sprouted on store shelves. But this has been lauded for its unique voice.
their milk into a stainless steel can–
Alcohol is the single best innovation to get past rejection. Going up to a girl dead sober without an established skill set or boy band looks is almost always met with hostile eyebrows and a cold shoulder. Its like tightroping with a safety net. You know the net is there in case you trip and fall. The same can be said about alcohol. You can blame the unsuccessful proposition on your lack of sobriety, slurred speech and vomit-stained cardigan. Also, memory loss is a side effect of alcohol, so you might not even remember it the next day. Win! Girls are much more approachable in social situations and sparking a conversation can be quite easy. If your cards are played right, you could be using the guest closet as a romping room in mere minutes, depending on her social graces.
The films which I’ve been writing about lately have all been fairly heavy on symbolism and meaning, so maybe it’s time to dip into something lighter for a change. As such, I feel that a tight, solid mystery that has no pretensions of being anything other than a piece of entertainment is as good a choice as any under the circumstances. This seems a fair summation of 23 Paces to Baker Street (1956) – a not especially well-known thriller that nevertheless features an intriguing plot and polished, professional work from all the participants. The movie belongs in a small sub-genre of films (e.g. The Spiral Staircase, Rear Window, Wait Until Dark) where the hero/protagonist is suffering from either a temporary or permanent disability. There’s nothing particularly exploitative about these films, the disability in question serving merely as a means of increasing tension or suspense – and often, paradoxically, emphasising the superiority of the hero over the villain.
Step Two: Before the rebuilding can commence, the Fire Marshall has to come out to inspect the site and issue a building permit. That’s when the bomb drops.
So while we do find many differences between the Quran and the Chumash, that is when we relate to the two Scriptures as pure texts, not as holy religious scriptures. In that matter the reverence shown them by their followers, shows a very similar attitude.
V) When Pliny the 'Younger' was older he married
Your skill ranges equate to what digsites open up, in the same way as the other professions. 1-300 is in Azeroth, 300-375 is in Outland, 375-450 is in Northrend, and 450-525 is Cataclysm areas. There’s no limitations to where you do the digs, so in the same way as fishing, if you wanted to do your entire process in Azeroth you certainly could. The only thing is that there are only certain places the ruins open up.
It being late and the evening filled with marking I am ransacking old articles and have found this one from 1993. It appeared originally in Modern Painters, reviewing Bill Brandt: Photographs 1928-1983 at The Barbican and Bill Brandt: The Assemblages and Associated Vintage Prints at Reeds Wharf Gallery.
Before I begin, please note that I used ALL items from around my house. I'm limiting myself from new projects/crafts until I can make use of what I have. This pressure to use things I own has made me more creative. I was just gonna hang this frame alone on my wall and put a moss letter in there, instead I got sick of staring at the left over foam from my chair redo- (since I paid full price, I didn't throw away a single scrap of the foam...) and thus, this project was born...!!
Tomorrow morning I'm off to spend a few days visiting some of my best friends in California. I'll be in Berkeley for a couple of days before driving down to Santa Cruz (preferably along the coast listening to Burt Bacharach-that might be a long shot though) so i'm particularly looking forward to boogieing with my crew and actually feeling semi-presentable in some new (to me) clothes.
Jim and Mary were both patients in
And no, you are not the first white person I have ever seen.
Worried- that he might not want anything to do with us.
from the church.
I abhor laziness in others, despite being awfully lazy myself for most of this year.
For now, that's all the productivity I have to show you. I still get tired easily and have to have a nap at some point during the day - even 30 minutes is helpful. But as the to-do list gets dwindled down, I'm hoping the tiredness will do the same! Thank you to everyone who has emailed, written, and phoned to wish me well, send prayers of better health and comfort, and offer your encouragement. Dare I say I'm finally on the mend without "jinxing" it?! Good thing I don't really believe in that sort of thing!
NEXT MOVIE: Edward Scissorhands (1990)
조금 더 빠져봐 baby
In short she is not the kind of young woman who might naturally be associated with Britain's spiralling binge-drinking youth culture.
I'm not sweating it. They're on track to wrap up most of their work before the summer, and they love spending extra time with their drama buddies. They'll fully enjoy these three days, and be exhausted at the end of them. As for me, aside from the extra driving to their performance venue, I'll enjoy this mini-break from our routine also. I'll have more one on one time with D-boy and some extra time to get things done around the house. Maybe, just maybe, I'll even get a moment or two to do nothing. Nah, that's crazy talk.
Could it be the project has bitten me in the rear end? Does the possibility and knowledge of completing so many dates in a summer take away from focusing on the man at present? Or have I been allowed to explore more, look for deeper connections, so I am not just falling into old patterns of "eh, you're not so bad"-relationships that inevitably end? Maybe it's something in between. Maybe I have been allowed to look but, truth be told, I have no idea what on earth I am looking for.
He would never get out of a wheel chair, said the physical therapist.
The whole point of this exercise was to boost the circulation figures of the Journal’s European edition to prop up ad rates. How, in the name of all things good and holy, does this not constitute massive-scale fraud on advertisers? Not to mention fraud on readers who now get slanted positive coverage of the groups that helped the journal perpetuate this scam on advertisers. And what does this say for the audit bureau’s credibility that they legitimized this rip off? But wait, it actually gets worse!
Yellow Mustard.
Ab Tamboer: Drums (tracks 11, 12)
Something about Pevan. His... sister? Or was that Dora? With the way she was always teasing him, she might as well be. Which of them was he thinking about? Dora, with her boyish body but oh-so-feminine hands. No, that was Pevan. Dora had the eyes. His eyes were boiling. Third time round the door. Did he have eyes? Surely if he did, they’d be open, and he’d be able to see the hillside a hundred feet below, and Nursim in front of him if he raised his head a little.
Allow me to begin with a nice healthy rant. Here in Norway we don't have any convenient fabric shop chains like I enjoyed when we lived in the States. Here my only option is the local, often poorly stocked and messy haberdashery. I buy my pretty satin bias binding by the meter/ yard from a roll (about $6 per yard, ouch!). I recently asked for 1 meter and watched as it was measured out and cut before my eyes. Then I got it home and realized that the shop attendant had carefully concealed between pinched fingers the fact that the length was cut right in the middle and TAPED together. I was furious. I needed the whole thing to be one continuous piece!
Needless to say, the dining room table got a new look.
How about the people for whom the building forms a working and sometimes even living environment? The brigade is made up of around 150 full-time emergency workers, who are supported by around 50 voluntary staff and a team of 35 junior firefighters. The Benauge emergency services, which are called out on average 9,000 times a year, cover 13 administrative towns (“communes”), ranging from the narrow roads of some of the central Bordeaux districts to the residential streets of the eastern suburbs and the wide open spaces of more distant rural environments.
Shabaab in South Africa after the sudden, temporary closure of the United States embassy in Pretoria. This followed after ‘a call was monitored’ between members of Al-Shabaab in Cape Town and in Somalia – and which call had dealt with ways in which US interests could be attacked in South Africa. Apparently the attack was being planned in revenge of the death of al-Shabaab leader Adan Hashi Ayro - the group's military leader who was killed in a US missile attack on May 1 2009.
Created in Jeannie’s wonderful collage style, the pages of this story are two stories opening from the inside out, the two stories to be read "side-by-side".
Whose warm handclasp is always yours -
I hope whatever you have planned, you enjoy your holiday if you celebrate it. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone.
The reason the great Jamaican stuff deepend over time, over years, not with nostalgia but with meaning and nuance, is that it’s spiritual music. That’s the anomaly underlying its power. It’s spiritual pop – not in a calculated way, like Christian rock, but in a way that comes from within. Rastafarianism, when it seized Kingston’s emerging record industry as a means for expressing its existence and point of view, made this possible. In the States, rock ‘n’ roll is always on some level a move away from God into the devil’s music, but in Jamaica the cultural conditions were different. Pop grew toward Jah. (280)
Now, let's get the party started.
Good hustle player and good production with 26.0 tackles for loss and 14 sacks. Better run Defender then pass rusher.
At this activity day I was chatting to a service provider of activities for children with additional needs. The ultimate aim, he said, would be equality to the point where disabled children got to hang around on street corners. And I said yes. Yes. YES. I want my child to be able to hang around on street corners.
The Bramling Cross had very large vivid green cones and were ready to harvest a week or two before the Target. To be honest, I probably harvested them a week too late. Many of the cones had begun to be tinged with brown, but I couldn't pick any sooner as we caught the tail end of Hurricane Katia just when I wanted to harvest and it became too wet.
Thurman began her career as a fashion model at age 15, and signed with the agency Click Models. She made her movie debut in 1988, appearing in four films that year, none of them a box office success. Her breakthrough came in her role as Cecile de Volanges in Dangerous Liaisons, but uncomfortable about her role and her success she fled to England.
Valid XHTML
After eating right, the next best thing you can do for your heart is to take it on a walk. No literally, go for a walk! It doesn’t take much exercise to lower your risk of heart disease. The American Heart Association recommends just 30 minutes a day on most days to help reduce your risk of heart disease. And we’re not talking about marathon training here either people, it’s something as simple as taking a brisk walk with the girls to catch up instead of your usual weekly lunch date. The point is to get your heart working a little harder than when your sitting at your desk the other 10 hours of the day. Little changes in your life will translate into huge impacts in both your heart and quality of life.
With the new walls, wall colour, furniture, lamps, bed and bedding the room has transformed into a very charming bedroom. All done, the last thing on my agenda Friday was getting the headboard mounted just in time for the first guests to arrive on the weekend. I snapped off this picture very quickly, sorry for the quality.
Celandine is in the poppy family. Along with the pretty flowers of bloodroot, which I would love to have in our yard. The sap contains red latex, which can cause skin and eye irritation. Of course, poppy is also where morphine was derived. In ancient times an herbal preparation was used as an analgesic and sedative. That’s a fun aside, but I would not try it myself.
There’s one common theme among all farmers on March 31 though: excitement for planting.
David Gregory Arce, 36, New York, N.Y.
Request No. 4
There used to be a giant penis sculpture in front of the sex theatre that erupted every hour (only water came out, you’d have to pay for anything more) but it was removed a few years ago because apparently even the RLD has its limits. Who woulda thought?
It's interesting how attractive archery can be if it's organised the right way. You can't say duels are boring. The archers still shoot at the targets, not at each other, of course. But they compete in pairs against each other. And the best one qualifies for the next round. Not me, but you know what I mean. I'd love to upload some photos and I will as soon as I get them and as soon as I delete some from my web gallery.
I think you guys will understand when I tell you I have a Problem. A Book Problem. In that if I see something I want, I will snatch it up, regardless of how many more books I have waiting for me. This leads to a sizable backlog in my To Read pile. And between a trip to Chamblin Bookmine (pictured above) with my mom, all the free books I snagged in San Diego, and the inevitable trek to the Borders sale, my pile is getting bigger and bigger.
How do you get the remaining pages to stay together, and stay put? When I pop in the shadowbox I make sure there is sufficient glue holding it in - all edges are covered with a PVA glue. The remaining pages I tend to dab a bit of glue in between every 5- 10 pages - also by painting the edges of the book with a glue tends to help it stay together (I haven't done it with this book though - a bit slack at 2am in the morning lol!)
Little One is mostly potty trained! She still wears a pull up to bed because we don't have a washer/dryer to was the sheets in case she wets the bed during the night. She's been doing so well though telling us when she has to go pee pee or poo poo!
KRYON
They may try and sell ya,
This is the rules for the Themed Wednesdays post, just in case you were wondering what they are.
OMG - other medical guru
for God himself is judge.
Nobody says that, right? I mean unless you’re dating? It’s not like you tell whoever flashed by your inner eye that they did indeed flash by your inner eye. Naked.
While each has some strong points about them, none of them are what we need.
They can tell stories, bring new energy to life, help us to shapeshift and transform,
Overall, it was an interesting - not to mention nerve-wracking - experience. But good fun for catching up with old friends and contacts and making some new ones.
10) How many pounds gone forever are you celebrating?? :)
Well, before I go any further, let me make one thing clear. Be under no illusion - the transition absolutely does effect things.
You hate to feel this way.
Many fanks I deu owe to my the Aunt Dav & Uncle Benjy!
What fun! It was a cloud-free, hot summer’s day but a gentle cooling breeze guided us gently through the steel girders and artfully strung cables that make the Brooklyn Bridge the icon it is today. Great views across the East River and NYC’s downtown skyline, framed by the lines and squares of the bridge cables, made it quite thrilling, despite the heat haze. It’s only a 20-minute or so amble and was really worthwhile.
This sounds like the norm for many people but for me for the last 10 years or so I have been fortunate to drive to work and it was usually a 10 minute drive to work so jumping on a bus will be an adjustment!!
On low heat in a pan, melt 1 tbsp butter, brush sides of pan with melted butter. Turn heat up to med-high. Place unwrapped caramel candies in the pan a few at a time, letting them melt before adding more. This will prevent burning. Stir frequently, scraping bottom of pan, for about 10-15 minutes and all candy is melted. Dip pretzels in caramel and place on wax paper. Allow to cool at room temperature until caramel is stiff. Wrap individually or group them in bags. Tie with a pretty bow.
Like 99% of you, I didn’t know Dick Clark. He could have been a wonderful man or a terrible man, I really don’t know.
Haagen Dazs ‘Five’ Vanilla Bean ice cream
Moreover, all the drivers I know are smart people. If we're at your house at 5:05 am for a 5:15 am pickup, we won't ring the doorbell. I have no clue as to how your household's constituted - who sleeps late, who rises early, whether there are children, whether your wife got up at 4:00 am to cook you pancakes.
What? I thought she had beads to give away!
LS: I struggle with feeling burnt out and uninspired. Even though I only have a few produced scripts, I feel like I've been writing a long time. Sometimes it's hard to live in LA. The same things that make it great can also make it feel overwhelming. Thinking as a director now, it's harder to write a first draft freely, beginning to end, warts and all, and then give myself the space to fix stuff in later drafts. I find myself rewriting as I go, which can be helpful, but slower. Now I struggle with "what's next". I feel like I threw the kitchen sink at "Seeking A Friend". It explores so many of the themes that swim in my head, and the high concept made it easier to write character-driven scenes within set-pieces. Point is, I'm in my head too much and should probably get some fresh air.
Huh. We'd worked on having it not just be about the beer, because Stoudt's excels at making it about everything: the restaurant, the entertainment, bread baking, cheese making, their Stoudtburg village next door...it's all pretty cool (and the cheese is fricking awesome). But PBS is calling the shots at this point, and I could hardly argue with them wanting more beer in it, so I crammed an email full of as much info as I could get down in five minutes about what makes Stoudt's beers work, and what makes them different, and yeast, and hops, and malt; told Rudy that if he needed it, I could do voiceover work at the studio on Saturday, and ran out the door.
The line is dead. I stand and stare helplessly at the phone. And wait. Twenty minutes, half an hour, a year later it seems, she phones. He's okay she says the police are here. He has been shot in the leg. They think its a high powered air rifle. He has a nasty wound in his thigh. The armed response unit are here.
While we try to make more and more movies, all the more we are trapped into some sort of conventional formats of movie making. It’s like they’re all the same if you try to observe. That’s why seldom do I watch Filipino horror, it does not appear to be real. Why? Because the story is lacking. We get one point and then we just complicate. Like in the movie Dalaw (Kris Aquino) which disappointed me the most, the whole point of the movie is just about revenge of a mistress, not to mention the ineffective acting of Manang Olga, and the hilarious scream “Paolooooo!”. We lack the element of suspense, mystery, technicality, and evolving cinematography. There are only few horror movies that I appreciated. Some of them are Sigaw (The Echo), Ouija, Matakot ka sa Kulam, and just recently, The Road. What do they have in common? Story and good direction.
-Whitmire thinks Demick is too sarcastic
Prep. time: 3 min.
They have been nesting there for at least ten years. Note that the garden center has two pallets that are left alone for the owls to nest on (marked “OWL NEST” in one of the pictures), which I find endearing. You can see where there have been hanging out because there are streaks of poop on the wall. They do fly off to forage, but nest there in the garden center. They have successfully brought off chicks!
i was invited last week to an event put on by tana and melanie for their new site mom's best HOT products. it was a beautiful event and you can see more of the images from the evening taken by bri here. food was delicious & the company was awesome! i created a couple logos for tana a while ago, including her current site's logo--so it was fun to meet up with her!
Were dolphin-like; they show’d his back above
Hunger – I’m quite certain the last thing males want to do after having the pearls batted around is eat. Well thanks to hormones that’s all we want to do. Not normal food or average portions either.
Three years *gasp*!!!!
Among the report’s findings:
(Random Thought: Is it possible I needed that hemorrhoidectomy due to my intense dislike of tight asses? Could I have subsconsciously loosened mine every time some bitch in a bad uniform annoyed me?)
Nancy’s aggressive use of sign language has also impressed her parents. Take an example of standing next to a pot if she needs drinking water and stretching her hand for food whenever she’s hungry.
Then, last night, I received this email from her.
ブッダ：まぁ、その章はポルノが親密な意味のある愛と売り物のエンターテイメント用のセックスと混同させるから、ポルノに影響される人たちにとって異性と親密な関係を築くのを難しくさせるって話。ジェームソンある？
14.Talking About My Girl
“I thought 3 had been retired,” the pilot grimaced.
162. “A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it.” – Francis Bacon
SAT -- bluh. That sort of deserves a post of its own.
So then we were hanging out inside the house. There was a relatively large hangout — me and my friends, and then someone else and their friends. It reminded me of years ago at Shannon & Christian’s when Summer lived downstairs and her friends would be hanging out at the same time we were. “The others”. We had the news on to hear if there was anything about the airplane crash.
On the occasions that we do see each other, Honey will usually travel to me, we'll plug in a couple of guitars and without even speaking we'll 'jam', for want of a better word, for hours at a time. Even though much of that stuff never makes it to tape, it can be magical. As I say, I'm no musician, but Honey is about the only person I can feel comfortable enough with to pretend I am one. She is very generous in that respect and seems to enjoy those moments as much as I do.
the old drawer shut, thunk
Today was just as busy. We had the 2 mile walk in the morning, then lunch at my grandma's. After lunch, we hit up the zoo for a couple of hours! We did eat out again for dinner (Jasons Deli tho, and both of us can eat there for 10 bucks or less). And then this evening, we joined my best friend and her little boy for a grown-up (although PG) movie. We didn't get home til late, but it sure was fun!
Progress is moving quickly now in the bathroom....it's amazing what can happen when PROFESSIONALS do the job! W3Tile is now on the job....yay Wes! This guy works FAST. And I don't mean just kinda fast....I mean SUPER fast! This was the floor at the end of yesterday....all leveled with the fancy tile backer stuff.
On the stage, the holograms of nine dead historians lounged in oversized armchairs. They went down the line with intros, and then it was his turn.
In the same way that we fall into the arms of a loved one or drop our heads on the pillow at night, we can surrender into the beauty and truth of who and what we really are. Falling into Grace is a book that gets to the core of why we suffer. It is Adyashanti’s invitation “to be taken by a moment of grace and fall into a sense of life when it is not separate from you, when life is actually an expression of something indefinable, mysterious, and immense.”
1. Secular separation between religion and state; or theocracy with syaria law?
strawberries – a regular pound size container that are almost the point where they are too ripe. The darker the berry, the sweeter the juice I always say.
On the day of Pentecost, ten days later, His Apostles were transformed when they received the Holy Spirit and began converting thousands and organizing the Church.
Initially the SWP member present seemed to oppose this idea and said it wasn't important to back such a demo! He even went as far as to say that the campaign to stop the BNP in the Euro-elections was not a failure! At this point I had to interrupt to point out that the BNP did get elected so it quite clearly was a failure, one we must all learn from. Eventually seeing that the tide had turned and the majority in the room supported the strategy of a real class alternative it was agreed that Cardiff UAF would publicise both YFJ demonstrations. This has not always been the case and in the past leading figures in UAF generally from the SWP have blocked this kind of support for a class based demonstration, nevertheless this change is most certainly welcome.
The truth about being a bereaved mother is that it is exhausting. We cry until our tears become leather. Night after night, we beg God or Jehovah or Yahweh or Allah or Mother Earth for just one more day with our children. We cannot find our keys or our toothbrush or our parked car or our hearts. We strive to uncover the "why" but there are no good answers to those countless questions which taunt us and eventually collect webs in the backs of our minds.
Here is my offering.
We were in the liberal echo chamber last night and saw the video of an embarrassed John McCain forced to defend Barak Obama.
Lookin' back now I can see me
I must know more. I just find it hard to wrap my head around this happening to people. And the fact that it is so common - that most every person has experienced this sheer lack of humanity MORE THAN ONCE, that people are capable of this! - boggles the mind.
1/2 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled
then there is the fair cake team- shikhita, jess and jess! they are just the loveliest, sweetest bunch of girls and so much fun to hang out with, thanks so much guys for making me feel at home! here is a cute pic of us all before heading for a night out!
From the point of view of the residents, the effort had a number of surprising benefits. First, it alerted the rest of the New York metropolitan area that there really were actually people who lived in Hell’s Kitchen for whom pornography was not a victimless crime. Second it strengthened the backbone of Mayor Beame’s augmented Times Square anti-pornography task force to seek to shut down pornographic businesses, and of the local police to more aggressively try to arrest prostitutes. (prostitution after all was a crime, though hardly prosecuted under the Lindsay administration). Third, having groups of middle class people confronting the prostitutes and pimps who thought they owned the streets made them less cocky and brazen. Fourth there developed a comraderie and greater sense of community among the residents who participated. Later theater owners, such as Gerald Schonfeld provided financial backing, and women’s groups joined the effort with pornography tours.
Having been married for 14-years, their relationship is one of the few Hollywood successes.
JAMMERS
Christmas At The Creek
I didn't take pics of the installation part of this project, because I was working like a crazy mad woman to get it all done before my son woke up from his nap. You basically take the mortar and mix it like the directions say -- water and the mortar, mix it up -- that's it! Make sure to do this outside with a mask on.
We've been in Dar for almost 2 weeks now and still no sign of baby's arrival. I'll post more about our time here soon.
When BBC TV, ITV, Channel 4, Channel 5 or Sky buy a major blockbuster movie, the distributors tend to tell them they can only have it if they also buy a bundle of less-good movies as part of the deal. That feels like good marketing by the distributors, rather than blackmail or corruption.
Then where does the 1 in 166 prevalence figure came from? The source Autism Speaks provided, Bertrand et al. (2001), does not report this figure. Autism Speaks' epidemiological expert, Michael Rosanoff, helpfully informed me that Autism Speaks was using figures from the US only, in calculating the Autism Speaks 1.5 million.
When I published my list of the Top 50 Greatest Drinking Songs of All-Time back in August 2006 it caused a few debates and remains as one of the top viewed entries on Lyke2Drink. With a little help from some friends and suggestions from loyal readers, I've decided to revise and expand the list. After all, music and drinking just kind of go together -- especially in these tunes.
When the brightness
the last two weeks, the curriculum theme was transportation.
Friend: "That date is no where near as bad as what you hinted it would be."
Speaking of Kid Cudi, this Summer he teamed up with Bethany Cosentino of Best Coast, and Rostam Batmanglij of Vampire Weekend to create one of the best tracks to leak out of the dog days, the little-known Converse release, “All Summer.” These three giants of modern Indie Music have created the perfect song for those of you who want to punch Fall in the face, knocking it back into dormancy for a few more weeks. “All Summer” was written by Batmanglij and features Cudi spitting nostalgic verses with lush imagery of Summer days and nights past, and a catchy bubble-gum pop chorus bred from the ghostly vocals of Cosentino.
Now there is the whining of cargo plane engines. My husband sits next to me and tells me their names. He tells me why he knows which ones they are. It is because of a whine they make, high pitched and piercing. Its different from engine to engine. I lie in bed and hear them taking off and landing. The line is nowhere near my house, yet they are still loud enough to hear. They are loud enough for him to know.
Being such a huge Jeaniene Frost, I automatically bought this book without putting much thought into it. Why would I? I loved her books! But reading as many books as I do, sometimes I only have a hazy memory of what happened in the previous book. This was the case with This Side of the Grave, I couldn't remember too much of what happened, so before I opened One Grave at a Time, I reread my review of the previous book. Which reminded me that I found the last book a little disappointing. There was a "Oh no!" moment, worrying that this book might go along the same route, but I pushed it aside. Different book, different story, no reason why it should be disappointing. And it wa a lot better than the previous one!
I have the whole day ahead of me here in London. Where shall I go? Maybe to check out one or two things? Is the Draft House cask beer any good? Is the Southampton Arms still buzzing? What about Mason and Taylor, not far at all and like the Draft House, shall we say challenged in the cask ale department, at least it was previously? That certainly could do with a check, as similar to the Draft House, I like the place immensely, but not so much the warm beer. Maybe Welsh beer at the Rake? I know. Welsh beer, but still.
Yes, yes, I realize that my instructions for the HappyU exercise only used up sixty of the seventy seconds. What should you do for the last ten seconds? How should I know? You are your own person and can use this ten seconds as you like. In fact you can make changes in this exercise and customize it to your liking. The important thing is to find a way to change your mood in seventy seconds so that you can have more fun. And believe me, if you are having more fun, the people around you will also. Fun is contagious.
Thor: He’s my brother
Our futures are all we have, those mysterious sequences of physical and mental experiences that build our lives. So we can cope with the 102-year-old woman who falls asleep one night and doesn’t wake up. Even though it hurts and we may feel like crawling into a corner and bawling our eyes out until the world makes sense, we can move on after losing a grandparent – but it’s hard to accept that we may lose a teenager, a child, or an infant.
She was a flapper in the roaring '20s of Chicago. After nine years of courtship her father finally permitted the marriage. (They loved her Bill, but he had to establish himself first, and my mother was only 14 when they met.)
bitten: no
An Object of Beauty had an art theme, and we sometimes try to match our refreshments, or decorations, or both, to the theme of our book. So...what should I do? Ah ha! I'll get out one of my favorite go-to treat books and look for the perfect desert.
This one is in the kitchen and involves…can you guess?? I’m sure you’ll be shocked.
When i use to cry…
This newly discovered stereo recording captures the atmosphere of the concert really well and must have been taped using high quality equipment (I would guess chrome tapes and a Nakamichi). The sound is consistently warm, dynamic and detailed - basically all you could hope for from an audience recording of a Wall concert from this era.
And, the Corp is "not ruling out" larger releases. This has generated a lot of anger. People feel helpless because the Corps has complete power over the river system, and many see it as an unfeeling, uncaring government entity. Lots of people have also expressed the opinion that the Corps has known about this snow pack for a long time and could have alleviated the situation by beginning releases a while ago.
The big-budget drama of TBS, “Nankyoku Tairiku“, also slightly recovered from last week’s nosedive, but can they really be satisfied with ‘only’ 15.0% (+1.6%)? Maybe they should give the actual protagonists, the huskies, more screen time than the actors, or give Ashida Mana more scenes…
Here I stand, exposed but covered by grace, broken but beautiful.
1 transforms
She's slipping out of the backyard of my heart this morning...and skipping off down the street to her first day of school. And never again will she be completely mine.
The facade that you pulled
Ph: 317-602-3931
- Mercedes Bargeboards
Don’t be shy…
Verdict: Not OP. Keep him at a distance, fire him down if he’s not glowing and run if he is, and above all try not to be set on fire for the good of everyone, just to reduce the chance of crits.
I’ll still be sore Monday, but I appreciate the sentiment.
11 Home (Clarkson, Clarkson, Steeden) 3:35
1 Tbs tomato paste
Literally. A worker fell. She was ill and needed an ambulance. I helped while they went to get help. I blocked the hallway so no kids could come out. Then I blocked the other side of the hallway so no one crowded around her.
I’ve always like to pool paint or ink on a surface and trying to control its patterns with varying degrees of success, creating drips and splatters. It’s my old friends chaos and control coming to the fore again and again…
The discussion moved into talking about writing what readers want. Crais commented that he could create a poll and ask readers if Lucy and Elvis should get married, or if he should let Lucy be hit by a truck. He hypothesized that perhaps 60% might say, 'let them get married.' If he wrote that book, then those who wanted her hit by a truck wouldn't read it, and those who wanted her to get married would already know the ending, so they wouldn't read it either.
but at least I’ve tried.
Back to a Monday rehearsal this week. Prepping some new material for recording in a couple of weeks' time. We also had a meeting with an industry insider to discuss global expansion and plans for an exciting 2010.
Addressing the California delegation at the Republican convention, he told them, “The real question for 1988 is whether we’re going to go forward to tomorrow or past to the—to the back!”
5. It's important to get off your blog if you want to build your blog. But every step you take takes time. A lot of time. Find your own rhythm with it all.
mixes each and every mix is hand measured
1. Elemental
Hi Folks! I was reading this blog post about product-recall-mania today and nodded along with so much of it, I asked the writer, Julie Colwell, if I could post it and she said sure. So here it is, slightly edited:
And now a confession, I am a horrible editor i can't do it. So i have a girl her a friend of mine that helps me with it shows me what i need to edit and changes small things herself. This is me giving her an awesome thank you and the credit she deserves since her name does not appear on my stories so Rebecca THANK YOU!!! i am always in your debt for helping me!
4. Gently fold the ground almond and icing sugar mixture into the egg whites until it resembles shaving foam and falls in ribbons.
Q2: Balancing books is badly needed. How much budget is the council free to spend?
10. During the time my wife and I lived in Knoxville, TN my father and high-school aged brothers visited us on vacation. One day, while my wife was at school, the group of us guys headed to the Great Smoky Mountain National Park for the traditional motor tour of Clingsman Dome and Cades Cove. While in the Cove, we stretched our legs for a few miles on the Rich Mountain Trail. About a half-mile into the woods we came upon two bucks locked in battle pushing each other all over the forest floor. It was late fall, so maybe they were in rut, vying for the right to mate with the does in the area. It was such a violent sight. They would drive away at each other, quite willing to stab the other with their antlers if necessary. Fortunately that did not happen here, but it was quite a sight I will not soon forget.
We were quiet for a few minutes. I leaned my head on his chest and listened to the sound of his breathing.
into something else
We have been given back the keys to our flat and we are moving stuff over.
MS: Troy, as we talk today, we need a working definition of what porn is. How would you define it?
Despite all of these things - the one thing which will stay with me for ever are the friends I have made along the way. There are 5 of us who regularly run the Pack - me and one other every week, the other 3 pop in and out to help keep the adult : child ratio correct but have also done their fair share of every week as well over the years, but now due to proper job and life commitments, have had to reduce the amount of time they can share with us.
He had the entire day to plan it out and to see what type of life had eluded him all these years. He found Minerva’s panties, all powder blue and lacy balled up next to the wash, they were still moist and he couldn’t help but inhale their aroma of sex. He wouldn’t be denied tonight, he’d get some of that before Trey got home, He’d also make sure Trey would never want a taste of her ever again, the razor blades would see to that.
Friday was Ry's last day with the babysitter she has had for a long time. Unfortunately, I had to make a tough decision, and I made it. I would never have expected the long chain of consequences to result from that decision, but it is what it is. I have to put my daughter's needs and our ability to have a happy life first.
(Optional: preheat oven to 300 degrees F. to keep Potato Latkes warm on a baking sheet, with paper towel liner removed, until serving time.)
Well, the Cults got me. From top to bottom, this album is full of songs that make me feel like a kid again. After starting with the one-two punch of Abducted and Go Outside, the album continues with strong tunes showcasing Madeline Follin’s 60′s girl-pop ready voice and music heavy on catchy guitar riffs and piano/organ combos. I could go on about their influences, but I’d rather talk about a song nestled toward the end of the record that I keep coming back to, Bad Things.
-Caitlin G.
Before I had kids I used to think answering a child's questions was a wonderful way to help that child grow and become a better human being. I was eager to respond to any child's general inquiries about life and the world, to have the opportunity to share my knowledge and help that child learn.
Organisers believed Maire, who was born in Canada and now lives in Galway with her boyfriend, was eligible when entering the competition.However, they recently learned the brunette beauty is ineligible as she doesn’t fit in with the Miss World rule that all contestants must be under 26 on August 1.In a statement, Miss Ireland chiefs Brendan Scully and Sean Montague insisted they’d no idea the part-time model was outside the strict age bracket for the competition.They said: “Maire Hughes had a meeting with Miss Ireland organisers after the event on Sunday, April 29, to outline her duties and responsibilities as Miss Ireland. “At the meeting it transpired Miss Hughes is 25 but would be 26 going to Inner Mongolia to represent Ireland. We immediately contacted Miss World officials to clarify the rules regarding the age of entrants and unfortunately Miss Hughes doesn’t meet the criteria.”
The episode also stars Bill Bailey and Arabella Weir.
Half a small chicken (about 400 to 450 gm)
Hicky from Shuffle (Melbourne / Japan)
It is shocking that McBride's subordinates threatened people on the scene of the accident with firearms, Johnson said. "Residents of the country deserve better."
Within my chest.
Living in God’s presence under the shelter of His provision and protection is a result of submission to Him and obeying His voice because we love Him and choose to live for Him rather than for ourselves. As we choose to live in this place of abundant life in Christ, when we call out to God, He comes to us, saves us, delivers us, protects us, guards us, answers us, rescues us, honors and satisfies us (Psalm 91:14-16). Now that’s abundant life! A place where our prayers meet God’s provision and protection. I hope you’ll read and internalize this powerful Psalm.
I love things with multipurpose!
THEY OFFERED TO PARTNER WITH CHINA IN WORLD DICTATORSHIP
9: The Sun has entered Capricorn when it begins moving north for six months. It has entered Cancer when it begins moving south for six months.
2. Add the veggies, onion, and garlic and saute until the veggies are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
So...long story short (too late, I know!): It was for THIS is the reason I decided to finally hire a web design company to build my new website. (The awesomeness of Hanee Designs) Since building websites is clearly in my Zone of Competence (and sometimes even in my Zone of Incompetence) so that I could spend more time living in my Zone of Genius. Meaning, spending more time brainstorming and writing books!
Lions center Dominic Raiola has a different mindset about playing in the NFL. Raiola knows that it's a brutal game and doesn't have any regrets. He knows what he signed up for and says he wouldn't think of ever suing the league.
Just now I have read a good post about making money online with paid forum posting and being an active member of forum community I decided to give it a try. The website I want to speak about is called PostLoop.com.
And for a bonus, we ran into some people we had not seen for many months, or even years.
You have until May 14th to show us how you make your favorite Copic clouds. We'd love to see 'em!
All this cold weather talk has me longing for SPRING and those warm weather fashions. Perfect timing for today’s giveaway from La Posh Style, a small online boutique. Here’s a sample of their fabulous collection of dresses:
Not pretty: Ms Avins described skinning the creature as ‘horrific’ and found herself crying by the end of the process, when she finally held the full pelt in her hands
if I push me arms into me sides,
I’d have to say all four of those resonate with me, to some extent.
Wearing his grin, Horrow asked Ratner, "Do you see the Brooklyn brand and new facility as a recruiting advantage?
I will also soon be posting a whole load of photographs of the new little lady! She is ever so cute and so far has been an absolute angel!! I couldn't be happier!!
Do your pets gather around you when you are at the computer?
The fact attainment was out of...
The salesman with whom I began this post should, if he was a good salesman, have known that Spain (or the rest of Europe) is not the USA. Successful sales professionals from distant lands have taken on a Spanish persona to accomplish their goals. Be warned, many are bewitched by the country and never return home.
"Yeah. We're supposed to write down everything we eat for the week."
I’m thinking of a couple of friends of mine.
Climbing Stairs – Not a Problem Anymore
Logan has had kind of a taking spurt. He pulls stuff out sometimes we had no idea he knew. I think between Hayden's LOUD personality. And Olivia's chatty-cathy-ness. He just can't get a word in! Literally! His speech is still usually less clear than the other two. And he has some "words" that I have no idea why he says what he says. For example he calls Francesco from the CARS movie "Da-man." NO IDEA!
Wild Billy's Circus Story
other amounts received tax free from the policy exceed the aggregate premiums that the client has paid into the policy. Although, as noted, dividends are not guaranteed, they are paid at the end of the policy year and may be used to purchase paid-up insurance, sometimes referred to as additional insurance.
After firing I see him lean aside and look eagerly off to note the
In May, de Soto and his men reached the Mississippi River, the first Europeans ever to do so. Desoto named the River, The Rio Grande de la Florida, meaning " The Great River of Florida. But the Native Americans in their wisdom, continued to call the river, "Mississippi Father of Waters". Stunned by its size but scarcely aware of the importance of their discovery, the Spaniards moved quickly to build barges for crossing - not only to avoid conflict with brooding locals, but also to continue their relentless quest for riches.
Against the rubber tongues of cows and
Update: still trying to learn how to slow down the gif, but I did figure out a trick that seems to help.
Not welcomed and not loved, anywhere:
First off, before I get any further, let me say that this meet was run under very, very poor weather conditions. Yet there were some very good marks that came out of this meet. And most certainly there are athletes in this conference that will have a lot to say about who takes home the hardware in Eugene next month.
Only one chance existed to get off the planet. He filled his lungs with air then pumped his legs as he raced past the Erebus toward the office.
but we, having accomplished the same journey,
These are just the vegetarian recipes that I thought could be easily used for main dishes. There are many other vegetable/vegetarian side dishes, as well as a whole chapter on seafood, if you only avoid chicken and red meat.
We are only at the beginning and the only thing that has been determined is that Arabs are fed up and that we won’t back down.
In 2007 the church had officially become multi-site. My husband was still on worship team and he was playing at the new site. In the fall of 2007 I felt like God might want me to go back to the worship team. I mentioned this to the worship leader but things didn’t happen the way I wanted them to.
This slow motion can be determined from misfitting magnetic anomalies on the Indian, Capricorn and Australian parts of the Indian-Australian plate – you can’t close a circuit with the African and Australian plates without moving these parts relative to each other. As well as the broken circuit and the intraplate seismicity, gravity and seismic data show the boundary zones are characterized by moderate wavelength folding (and possibly elastic buckling too) affecting the entire crust.
My blogs have been all over the place lately. From ed to moving and relationships and parenting and whatever is in between there. But I haven’t given my bulimia the “air time” maybe I should except 4 my throat hurting so bad. And no I haven’t purged even though I’ve desperately wanted to cuz I’m too scared at the moment. Laxatives are most likely in my near future though. Food has definately been helping through all my emotions lately I’ve noticed. As I’m packing earlier eating some chicken nuggets (not some, like 20 probably) and drinking soda (I don’t even like soda, y have I been drinking it so much lately?) I realize I’m not even hungry. Nor was I when I got home and ate like 3 granola bars. Was I hungry last night when I had like 3 ice cream sandwiches? Ok this list can seriously go on but the point is proven. This last week of packing and getting serious about moving has been stressful and tolling and I guess I’ve been dealing with it the only way I know how. And because of this I hate looking at myself in the mirror. I really feel disgusting. I catch myself flirting sometimes and then think later really? Wtf are you doing? Your just Embarrasing yourself! I really wanna think I’m gonna get into my exercise DVDs n eating healthy once I’m in my place. But I don’t know… I know I wanna b healthy for my kids. I know life is easier when your smaller and if anyone wants to argue with me I can give tons of living proof. But fuck… Food is always there. And so is that relief of purging. Id do it right now but it’d wipe my energy n I’d get nuthin else done tonight. If I could afford it I’d follow maureens advice and go back to rehab… Hopefully her and I can really get down to buisness now since she’s all I can afford… Considering she’s free!
Our lovely neighbour Jenny has one of them now as it was her birthday yesterday.
Folding Stool
Another beer from the California based brewers. They claim "This ale contains no actual copper but we're pretty literal... It looked coppery, so we lamely called it a copper ale." Pretty funny claim, yet true none the less. I picked this one up when I made my own 6 pack at Bruisin' Ales in Asheville.
In Milton Keynes, two Somalis, Mohammed Farah and Amin Ahmed Ismail were shot dead in an execution style, leading police to believe it was a gang-land drugs hit. The town is situated in the stock-broker belt of Buckinghamshire and is home — believe it or not — to a close-knit Somali community of around 10,000…
I actually missed the smell of smoke and,
But Obama and the Democrats are lost, stuck in peddling poor policy for their Union devotion. Unfortunately for us all, Reid's survival will make many think this is their best route, and we will all suffer for it in the long run.
the rocks that made this town, shining
It wasn’t long before stories arose about the perceived evil woman who had lost four husbands. The legend has her travelling each night from Fitz House in Tavistock to Okehampton Castle in a carriage made from the bones of her husbands and driven by a headless driver. A huge black dog with crimson eyes precedes the coach whose horses are lashed on by the headless driver. As the coach passes the ghostly white figure
When simplicity is required, Jane is the perfect garment.
Heat pure ghee in heavy bottom kadai. Add besan and Mix well. Be carefull that lumps should not form. Roast it stiring continuously on low flame. Initially it will feel dry but if you go on stiring it will get little loose. When the colour changes to golden brown and you can feel nice aroma. Turn off the flame. When it get cool add powdered sugar, cardamom powder and chopped dry fruits in it and mix wel. Make small balls.... ladoo from it and on top of it put one raisin and slightly press it. Lovely ladoos are ready for Lakshmi Poojan Naivedyam.
Comprising Figures and Descriptions of Upwards of One Hundred New, Singular, and Beautiful Species; Together with some that are of Importance in Medicine, Domestic Economy, &c.
It's like last summer never happened. The expenses scandal which rocked the establishment and led to mass resignations and MPs being arrested was a figment of our perverse imaginations.
Place the dough onto a piece of greased parchment paper (I used THIS coconut oil spray). Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out in a circle shape with even thickness throughout. Place the bottom parchment with the unbaked wraps onto a cookie sheet (I make sure it isn't stuck to the parchment otherwise it is hard to release after baking). Bake at 350º for 20 minutes or until done throughout (this will depend on how thick you rolled the dough). Use for sandwiches! Yum! Makes 6 wraps.
The hall is opposite the offices of the Queen, “Paleis Noordeinde”, and is at the back of a former palace, the “Paleis Kneuterdijk”, now used by the Council of State. The oldest part of this palace was built for a member of the rich and influential van Wassenaer van Obdam family. Its front is a little gem:
First of all, someone remind me to up the Razor Hill education budget next year, before we get another generation of peons grimlocking their way through writing a letter.
It's the perfect size.. it holds all my stuff that I carry on a daily basis and also my computer, paint decks and tape measurer when needed. The only problem is, it doesn't have pockets. I often find myself standing there digging for my keys or phone for what seems like forever.
I used glossy card stock and ripped a rough edge with post-it notes. I sprayed both G24 and G28, trying to keep my G28 as close to my post-it notes as possible.
I know I’ve been missing, and I’m sorry for that! I’ve been recovering and working really hard (like some major overtime, which I LOVE because it means more money at the end of the year and more time off whenever I want it!!!) and trying to think about my new fitness plans and schedule, now that I have to restart. I’ve also been doing a lot of behind-the-scenes work here on the blog, mostly just organizing guest bloggers and having conversations with people about what we do!
When I read The Gastronomy of Marriage by Michelle Maisto, I was intrigued by a dish she made with Kabocha squash, sage and farfalle. Her sister, who is California-thin, complained that there was too much olive oil (the squash was sauteed in sage-infused oil). I decided to make a version for myself that was much lighter on oil, and also didn't use fresh sage (which I didn't have) or ricotta salata (which I can't get in my grocery store).
Process:
- The top ten best-selling children’s books in the UK dominated by US writers – Twilight, Wimpy Kid, Percy Jackson.
Far worse, however, is his capacity to want to “wish away” some terrible realities, not the least of which is the Islamist intention to destroy America and enslave the West. Any student of history knows how swiftly Islam initially spread. It knocked on the doors of Europe, having gained a foothold in Spain.
Our trip didn't start well, I was clearly distracted as we went through security at the airport, setting off the body scanner. No it wasn't the metal plate in my head, rather my iphone in my jeans pocket, duhhh! Then Jasmine's rucksack was singled out for special attention, they opened it up, pulling everything out, cuddly toy followed cuddly toy then came the pencil case with the incriminating scissors...double duhhh. Bizarrely the lady measured the blade on them and declared them safe to fly as they were under 6cm long - still sharp enough to be a threat I'd have thought? (On the flight home the scissors were safely tucked away in the hold luggage, neither of us could face the prospect of being pulled in by burly Italian security in Napoli, one of the homes of the Mafia)
Two of the five points that our pastor touched on were 1) A mature person is positive under pressure and 2) A mature person has mastered his mouth. These hit me hard. These past couple of weeks with my back and neck problems and being so tight on money I haven’t been the most positive person. I think that my poor boyfriend and best friend have heard me complain more than they’ve ever wanted to.
*The Turducken was a slice of “deli meat” with Turkey/Duck/Chicken “Meat Glued” together. Note the dark line down the middle is the duck.
In his magisterial work on the infancy narratives, Raymond Brown demonstrates that the story of Moses in Egypt lies behind the announcement and birth of Jesus.[12] He, along with a number of other recent commentators, points out that the account of Joseph’s dream contains echoes of a popular Jewish tradition regarding the birth of Moses who was also called to be the deliverer of the Hebrew race.[13] Moses fulfilled his calling of leading Israel out bondage in Egypt, but it was Joshua who led the people into the Promised Land through the conquest of the occupying nations. As his name suggests, Jesus could also have very well have been understood by the Matthean community as assuming the role of not only a new Moses, but also a new Joshua who would save his people from the occupying enemy nation of Rome.[14] This messianic name therefore “serves to guide the readers very effectively toward an understanding of Jesus’ life as one of saving activity.”[15]
In honor of Earth Day Sunday, and our $6.82 electric bill from March, I wanted to post the special edition stamps from the USPS. Recently I've been making quite a few trips to the post office between etsy orders and email, and every time I see these stamps and think how awesome they are.
Top with 1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped; sprinkle with shaved chocolate.
This week's focus verse for the Say It With Scripture Challenge at The Sweet 'n Sassy Connection is one of those verses that is easy to memorize but harder to put into practice. Nehemiah 8:10, "The joy of the Lord is your strength."
Contentment is something that happens when you fully embrace the place where YOU ARE….
He can witness the history. Yes he can!
Many people feel stuck or trapped in a routine despite trying different things to come out of it. The truth is, most people fail to break routines because of their unwillingness to place ‘routine work’ in the right place inside their frame of mind. Take stock first whether routine is 20% or 80% of your work.
Perhaps it is all just a coincidence... Obviously some Artists are unaware of the alternative meanings of the images that they wear on their clothes, as explained before it is a fashionable visual style. As a Musician you can not be overseeing everything your clothing company puts out, but is it the same for them all? You make your mind up if there is anything in the above information, but it is worth mentioning that unlike little N.Y. limited edition boutique companies, these companies make thousands of the same shirt, so you would think they might have noticed.
Grandparents and other family carers make a massive contribution to society by giving children a secure future and save the country billions by keeping them out of care. But they need more support from local and national government. They should be recognised as carers, protected from welfare cuts, given a national allowance and access to respite care.
Seeing one little male's vivid luminescent blue dinner jacket under the cucumber-bean trellis was a total hoot. In the dimming light, the hens could only be located by their chirrupy chatter or an occasional shimmer of a corn stalk, or strawberry leaf cluster.
But he doesn’t mind, of course, because someone has to say something. And at the risk of getting into trouble for it, he is completely at peace with it being him.
When looking at a specific city or region for a meeting / incentive trip, there is always the question of whether you should utilize the services of the local Convention and Visitors Bureau. In my opinion, the answer is yes.
3. James Van der Beek as James Van der Beek (aka “The Beek”)
Sarah "Flo" Harris PLAYTIME: lots of red and purple and black - lots of stamping, mainly patterns - quirky characters with a story - dimension and texture.
Thank you all for remembering me and giving me a shout-out on your sites…I really do appreciate it, and am honored by your recognition!!
I can’t wait to see what kind of points I can earn next month!
But I'm happy with how the story turned out. The book is called THE DAY BEFORE and I'm celebrating it's release today!
Will you compromise your faithful witness of Christ to protect yourself, your husband, or even your children? Will you really trust in the world’s protection rather than God’s vindication? Of the two groups of Christians that Jesus spoke about in Revelation, which one would you be in?
I had to pull over because I couldn't drive from laughing so hard!
Paper - Dovecraft - back to basics
He was arrested several times by Egyptian government authorities between 1949 and 1961 due of his activities with the Muslim Brotherhood. In 1951, Qaradawi toured Egypt giving political speeches in support of Brotherhood candidates for the parliamentary elections that year. Egypt banned the Muslim Brotherhood in 1954 because of its opposition to the Egyptian government.
For years now the short story has been in major decline in Britain, to the point where it's almost dead, and I began this blog lamenting this fact. It's years since the fact that short stories don't sell became established publishing wisdom and many British writers - including me, originally a short-story writer - were forced away from short-story writing into other forms. It's years since, squeezed by market forces, the British print literary magazines, the last great haven of the short story, more or less disappeared (online magazines having yet to achieve the same kind of reputation with the literary establishment). (As I've written before, I've had my own attempt to combat this last decline, but found the battle so hard it left me no time to write.)
The sad thing is you’ll always hear about Edison inventing the light bulb, and occasionally you’ll hear about Swan because that was a pretty tough thing to fully erase, but when did you ever hear about Goebels, the guy that actually did it first? It’s just another example that sometimes the story you get isn’t quite what it seems to be.
I start BUSTING out laughing. I turn to the terrified girl next to me and say, “I can’t take this seriously. And if the kid starts screaming during my exam, I’ll punt him across the room.”
A knack for making money
Drinks in hand, I thought it might be a good time to break the ice about Michelle’s recent statements regarding same sex marriage. I told her it was kind of ironic for her to say that gays and lesbians can marry, as long as they marry someone of the opposite sex. Don’t you know that everyone in the room looked at Marcus at that very instant!
and respected!
We hung around in an area just out of shot with the rest of the inquisitive public and watched a ‘street scene’ being shot. There was a fair bit of hanging about and waiting for car positions to be reset, but it was pretty cool to see the truck-rig drive by (the blurry thing above)… especially when one of the other vans almost hit it! Ha ha… Fun times. There was an audible gasp from the public and the crew – something tells me it wasn’t meant to be quite that close.
You have read my blog before, haven't you?
Then we have to do the taxes.
There’s generally a sharp reaction in the American public to funding public services to poor adults. Helping kids is acceptable. Moms are ok too as long as they are “deserving,” whatever that means. But adults, especially singles who are ill and addicted, in America maybe we’d rather not spend time and money on them. So the odds of a visceral reaction to yoga at the Bud Clark Commons were particularly high, from the media, from the public, from the board. Publicizing the practice there might have killed it. It wasn’t worth the risk.
praline/crisp insert
The word “flesh,” according to The Free Dictionary, is used in botany to mean “the pulpy, usually edible part of a fruit or vegetable” and can also mean substance. “Milk” is a term used to describe the liquid expressed from seeds, nuts and grains as well as from non-human animals and human animals.
So that is where 2010 has brought us – and I only had to lie a little bit…
With so very much love, Saul.
In my opinion, brisket is best prepared over low and slow heat. My preferred method is the crockpot. Because of the way it shreds up for sandwiches, the brisket happens to be one of my favorite cuts for barbecue.
I'm on the home stretch now....as of tomorrow, I'm officially on holidays. And I can't wait! It's been a huge year, albeit an exciting and enjoyable one, but now that it's drawing to a close I realise just how much I'm looking forward to kicking back and relaxing with my family. The pool is sparkling, the house is about to be cleaned top to bottom, and I'm sending the very last of my orders for the year. Just one last little bit of housekeeping: my Etsy store will remain open over the holidays, and orders are more than welcome, but any orders placed after today will not be sent until January 4th.
A detail of The Picture of Dorian Gray by Ivan Albright, found at the Art Institute of Chicago. A Moral Event Horizon is a line that a person or character crosses that makes them irredeemably evil.
by Joy Harjo
Third place this season would be a good starting point. ’til Tomorrow.
Anyone out there who can advise - that would be most welcome. From my research it seems one either interferes completely or leaves it alone and lets nature take its course - I am going for the latter, as I am sure Mama Duck knows better than me how to look after her offspring..
I’ve come to terms with passing on my vinyl these days, but that doesn’t mean I’m not having problems keeping my CD collection as condensed as possible. And the greatest challenge I have at present is through the collectors or deluxe edition style of marketing. By way of example, go along my CD racks and you’ll find three versions of The Undertones’ first two albums, two more of the last before Feargal Sharkey’s departure, four more collections of hits and rarities and the two albums since their reformation. Needless to say, I still have the vinyl too – 7”s, 12”s and LPs.
The second half of May is look especially busy with the release of Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future soldier (22nd US, 24th Eur) on Xbox360 and PS3, Risen 2: Dark Waters (22nd US, 25th Europe, 24th Aus) on Xbox 360 and PS3 and Dragons Dogma (22nd US, 25th Eur, 24th Aus & Japan) on the Xbox 360 and PS3. Of these games the only one I am really interested in is Ghost Recon though even that will probably be a rental for me. the demo of Dragons Dogma didn’t sell me on the game, though I liked the ideas I felt the controls were a little too haphazard for my liking.
As a reminder, the salt pile first emerged last winter and grew to enormous proportions last Spring. It was initially uncovered last Spring, sending salt flurries through the air and leaving a film everywhere, but it was eventually covered due to pressure from CoWNA and elected officials. It was determined at the time that the pile could remain at this location, as long as it remained covered. It seems that whoever was responsible for keeping it covered has not done their job, and the neighborhood is once again subject to this annoying and potentially dangerous situation.
"So do not worry and say, 'What are we to eat?' or 'What are we to drink?' or 'What are we to wear?' All these things the pagans seek. Your heavenly Father knows that you need them all. But seek first the kingdom (of God) and his righteousness, and all these things will be given you besides. Do not worry about tomorrow; tomorrow will take care of itself. Sufficient for a day is its own evil." Matthew 6:31-34I got a text later that morning that she made it to NYC safely. I smiled, and envied her.
Maize Oil extracted from corn germs of Central America, Maize Oil delivers emollient and anti-oxidant active ingredients for ultimate shine.
This just seemed almost more than I could handle. I guess it wasn’t luck that we needed, but a miracle. I have faith in God, but right then I was questioning whether or not He cared about my personal appearance or my ability to hear and to eat.
soars amid the clouds, tethered just
Boy: Sorry you need a receipt. He points to the return policy.
I’m over the moon, with showers of love
Eventually the Doctor discovered the heart of the ship where the Smilers and their controllers were torturing the Whale with electric shocks to keep it moving and faced the impossible situation. Angered that he would now have to sacrifice the life of an innocent and one of a kind being to save billions the Doctor was prepared to labotamise the Space Whale so it would no longer feel pain from the torture. Amy however noticed the Whale's neural tendrils affectionately playing with the children who the whale always refused to eat when they were sent down below. Remembering the Doctor's lesson about always observing she quickly put the pieces together and ran over to the control system to press the "Abdicate" button freeing the Whale. The ship however did not explode has was originally feared but instead started to move faster "Well now that the pilot's not being tortured" Amy explained have deduced that the Whale had come willingly and was still willing to help the people of Great Britain. (From The Beast Below, 2010) via
“How much do cops make?” he asked.
It’s spring and strawberry season is upon us. In fact, one of my friends turned two gallons of berries into umpteen jars of preserves yesterday. Hope she is planning to share them with friends! (Hint, hint)
And then ... the grand finale as we waited to hear who had won the overall BWA award. £10,000, an instant book deal, 300 copies of the winner's book already printed and hot from the press, universal acclaim ...
In this same state. Spending in a class room was 341k for the year. the teachers only made 57k of that. The rest of it went to administration, and school lunches. The janitors are making 6 figures. I don't have statistics on UT schools, but I will look those up also.
In other words, the instant that more affluent families with more resources (including time) to engage in a school community, that school community is a different one.
Well, it's been a long week of tears and gnashing of teeth for one reason or another so perhaps this has influenced my decision. Every entry was so-well written, and I really enjoyed the diverse themes - especially with Tartan dancing in for the kill. But the entry that had me grinning with visceral joy, and is my winner is Under A Killing Moon by Veronica Marie Lewis-Shaw. Zombies freak the hell out of me, and Veronica Marie captures the essence of whatever it is that terrifies me every time. Back at ya, VM - my turn to sleep with the light on! And congratulations.
Note: create closed.gif (indicating ‘+’) and open.gif (indicating ‘-’) just like Windows Explorer.
“I hear politicians talking about values in an election year,” Obama said. “I hear a lot about that. Let me tell you about values. Hard work, personal responsibility–those are values. But looking out for one another. That’s a value. The idea that we’re all in this together. I am my brother’s keeper. I am my sister’s keeper. That’s a value.” He wants to be his sister’s keeper, eh? Well I think we owe it to him to give him the full Ruprecht treatment.
This weekend, J set to work taking the Valentine apart and tinkering with it. The biggest problem was the carriage: it was clean off its rails when we got it, and it soon became clear that we would have to replace the ball bearings (7/8 inch is the right size), find the thingamabob that retained the ball bearings in the carriage, and wind on a new carriage drawband.
Slice cheesecake into 36 squares. Place on a parchment lined sheet and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Over a double boiler, carefully melt white chocolate, taking care not to scorch it. Stir constantly and remove from the heat before all the chocolate is melted - continuing to stir will melt the rest.
The reason words that refer to us are so hypnotic has to do with a psychological effect called Fundamental Attribution Error. Basically, while we are naturally critical of other people, our critical minds take a break when we evaluate ourselves. That analytic part of us just doesn’t kick in. You may not have noticed this about yourself—but I bet you’ve noticed it about all those oblivious inconsiderate jerks constantly making your life miserable.
It did too... Shattered.
Indigofera
Stillwater makes such delicious beers and everything I've tried from them has been excellent. I met the head brewer, Brian Strumke, a few years ago at a Stillwater event in Philly. He was extremely approachable and truly seemed to enjoy talking about beer and the brewing process. Stillwater Artisanal Ales is known as a gypsy brewery. While Strumke is based out of Maryland, he told me that he brews all over the place. Collaborating with other breweries and making frequent trips to Belgium seems like a pretty amazing life to me! Cheers to Brian and Stillwater for putting out another great brew.
To this Harry added by pointing out the value of critiques and editing. He also said that anyone who comes to the Festival will inevitably leave a better writer. Wise man, that Harry Bingham.
Let me introduce to you a wonderful experiment run by professor Baba Shiv from Stanford. Professor Shiv works in the field of neuroeconomics – the study of the mind’s electrical impulses and chemistry when a human makes a decision. In 2008, he ran an experiment to understand one aspect of how people make decisions based on data.
The Good Stuff, Sid Maudlin
3 cups chicken stock*
I was surprised and very sad when I heard that she's going back to Indonesia for good, but I was glad at the same time too. I knew that Indonesia is her long-term plan, and I am glad that she's finally stepping to the next level of her life. I guess being sad is inevitable when it's a real good friend that's leaving.
I decided to get fancy in the veggie garden this year (I never do learn NOT to cause more work for myself...) and line the different areas with bricks that we have in a (very huge) pile out by my horse barn. The bricks are just sitting there...so why not, right?
172. Many say that Kris can’t be compared with others.
Word Count: 3223
"Jasmine said she's waiting for a good time. Does now work for you?" Bryn slapped Sean in the chest and sauntered off, chuckling his way down the stairs.
I once rode 100 miles on my bicycle in one day and couldn't sit down for a week
Abbiamo incontrati amici.
As for the markings, they varied by the watcher too.
What more could go wrong, right?
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is a well known novelist and screenwriter. She won several Academy Awards for her screenplays – Room With A View & Howard’s End – and also was awarded the Booker Prize for her novel Heat & Dust.
Simple neglect can be surprisingly damaging. In 2007, researchers published the first randomized, controlled study of the effect of being raised in an orphanage; that study, and subsequent research on the same sample of Romanian orphans, found that compared with babies placed with a foster family, those who were sent to institutions had lower IQs, slower physical growth, problems with human attachment and differences in functioning in brain areas related to emotional development.”
As you can see, my Mother and I both thought that was an attempt at a picture. This happens often. I really like when I start to hack up a lung around 4 seconds.
Soosai Lourde (55), Manjula (33), Sahayam (45), Jacqueline (42), Pasili (36) and Bama (40). The first five women are from Idinthakarai and the last woman is from Koodankulam.
Do you recall the recent Russia/US adoption scandal when an American mother sent her adoptive son back to Russia? Or the attention that celebrities like Angelina Jodie and Madonna adopted children from Africa? Conservative numbers put adoptions in America at around 73,000 annually and Chandra Hoffman addresses the theme of adoption in Chosen ($25.99, Harper/HarperCollins Publishers). At the center of the story is Chloe Pinter, the director of The Chosen Child’s domestic adoption program, juggling the demands of her boss and the incessant needs of clients. When a child goes missing the dreams of a young couple become nightmares. The author draws on her own experiences as an aide worker in Romania’s infamous Orphanage Number One that took her back to a domestic adoption program in Portland, Oregon.
1/2 cup quinoa flour
At five months, nothing was left of the thing he once was. Every expedition into the night scorched his skin. He no longer healed, feeding from his own body. Insanity and inhumanity were his only friends. He waited for the night when he no longer rose.
Dinner was using left over Santa Fe Quinoa salad. I added chicken and some cheese to it and a little more seasonings. Mixed it all up and rolled it into a Ezekiel tortilla's. Baked them for about 15 minutes and served them topped with sour cream, salsa, lime and cilantro. On the side we had avocado and tomato slices with garlic salt. Of course we finished it off with a fruit which was watermelon to night.
The second step is to ask suppliers further down the chain to hold enough inventory — perhaps a few months’ worth — for specialized components that cannot be built in more than one location, or take anti-quake measures that guarantee safety against any tremor or tsunami, he said.
I've been working on the Name Game Swap as well, where I make a mini quilt with the name of my partner or partner's blog on it. That has been difficult as I have a very silent partner, not a peep out of her since the swap began. I'm hoping she will like it anyway.
Well, O’Connor was just quoted in Us Weekly about stud muffin Brad Pitt’s engagement ring to his long-time baby mama, Angelina Jolie. Pitt apparently finally popped the question, giving Jolie a huge what appears to be rectangle-shaped diamond bauble.
Putting aside the obvious practical issue of storing books outside in this country, whilst it was lovely and calming, it wasn’t really what I would call inspirational. I suppose it depends what type of books you want to write as to what you would want as inspiration. Beatrix Potter would have probably been quite at home in the Writers Pad, dreaming up stories for Froggy the frog.
This unparalleled brunch experience will make every mom feel like a star. Join us for entertainment from a live Jazz band with the Jazz Poets and culinary delights in Sierra Ballroom.
It would be rude not to mention the Leveson enquiry. A week of revelations, and plenty of material for Friday’s ‘Have I Got News For You’ to say the least. We now know that Gordon Brown declared war on Murdoch’s company and that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt MP was the ‘cheerleader’ for the BSkyB deal. This was a sharp fall for Mr Hunt, he was tipped to be promoted in the next reshuffle but is now tipped to resign rather soon.
I then proceeded to explain that this song is a plea for thinking for yourself. The lyric "All I wanted was a Pepsi" has been a kind of rallying cry to me for making my own choices. All teenagers struggle through a phase where no one in the world understands them, especially their parents. I went through it. But it doesn't have to mean a flat rejection of where you come from, your family's values, beliefs, education. (That would be just as unthinking, wouldn't it?) It just means that you follow what you follow for your reasons, not anyone else's.
“Gov. Romney believes the best way to help lower gas prices is for long-term structural reform, which is why he supports aggressive action to expand domestic production and guarantee the American people a reliable, affordable supply of energy for the future,” – Romney spokesperson Andrea Spaul, today.
Finally, Baba Yaga. In the modern perception she’s an old, evil witch who lives in the forest. But she’s so, so much more. I wanted to give the reader the old, the original version.
At last we're tired, my heart and I.
Dress, Forever XXI
Sorry that I have been absent lately but in the next 2 months I will be moving to North Carolina. I'm happy leaving Cleveland behind because I will be closer to Miami and my relatives and friends. This week I started packing some of my stamps and scrapping supplies. I'm going crazy with all these changes so that don't get surprised if you don't see much activity in my blog during the next weeks.
The glass slide is cool to the touch, and makes a slight buzzing noise when pressed against your skull. You focus on your memory of the video. For a moment you feel a sense of déjà vu, like you are still asleep in the chair while the video plays. The woman’s voice brings you back to the present moment. The glass is now quite warm and you look at it intently. The woman asks to see the slide. You hand it to her and she places it in a small hand-held device with a slot in the top for the slide and a screen facing her. She smiles and asks you if you remember the video. Video? You don’t remember a video. “Very good,” she says.
Would you rather live in a fantasy/paranormal world or a sci-fi one? Fantasy was my first pick until I thought about it. I'd love to be able to wield magic, but I'm not so sure I'd like the lack of modern conveniences. Also, the thought of meeting a real dragon is unsettling. Could I pick the best from both worlds?
This may be somewhat mediated by government action, as the CFPB is beginning to make noise around debt collection and credit ratings, and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan is working to stop debt-related arrest warrants. But only somewhat, only where the government can protect you and only when there is the political will to do so. Increasingly, creditors are coming to set up the institutional structures for financial surveillance, state-sponsored enforcement of their claims through tightened bankruptcy laws and the selective use of jail, and the denial of economic opportunity based on one’s interaction with the financial system.
Love the Los Angeles Times Food Section! Always yummy recipes, stories, reviews, spotlights on Southern Cal's farmers market and local produce.
For those of you following along, today was day 5 of my MFA residency. I woke up still feeling slightly dizzy and sore but I took some Dramamine and Advil and those seemed to do the trick.
Janome Sew Mini for stitching
Waiting for another to linger.
My next project for the shop will be the Secret Garden Cardigan. I'll be making a small or medium, I have not decided yet. As it is a shop sample, I will knit it with the original main color, a rich brown, and similar yoke colors. I picked some blue to pop in the mix. It will be lovely.
The poor performance of Peggy Nash and Paul Dewar (especially Dewar) was a notable surprise, as was Martin Singh’s close sixth place standing, running above Niki Ashton. Brian Topp’s performance probably would have been regarded as shockingly low a few months ago, yet recent events, namely Ed Broadbent’s verbal salvo against Mulcair, coupled with low poll results among NDP members had depressed expectations of his performance. Obviously Topp was able to maintain enough support when voting began to secure second place. While Mulcair emerged as the actual winner of this race, Nathan Cullen certainly deserves the prize for most gained during the leadership race among those who lost. He began the campaign very much as a dark horse and a possible “also-ran”, and his riding-by-riding co-operation plan was thought to be a death knell to his potential support. This clearly was not the case, and Cullen managed to raise the profile of both himself and his ideas via the race, and climbed into the ranks of the top contenders during the campaign. He has situated himself quite nicely for a future run at the leadership.
Good morning to you on this Resurrection Sunday! Hoping that you have enjoyed Easter services somewhere today.
Hawkes Bay
When the credits did roll for the movie, the audience of my screening burst into applause. And while I normally think that is kind of a dumb thing to do – the projectionist doesn’t care if you liked the movie – I couldn’t help but join in. The people leaving the screening seemed very pleased with the movie. In fact, the only person who didn’t seem particularly enamored with The Avengers was the eight year old little girl sitting next to us who promptly fell asleep as soon as the movie began. How she did so after all the candy she consumed was a mystery, but her snores could be heard over some of the more quiet moments of the movie. I guess super heroes are not her thing.
My belly's white, while grey's my back
Then I thought (in true undeadpollyanna fashion), ‘Oh, no! What about mountain lions! There might be mountain lions!’
* Unsure = 2, and
Last time I checked, I thought this was my life. And people are being more than judgy on this subject matter. All I was doing was venting about how the lady from my hearing for unemployment told me it was illegal for the state to give unemployment to military spouses because it was our choice to follow my husband when he received orders to move; when I have countless friends who filled out their applications the same way I did (I asked them) and got unemployment benefits.
“Gays aren’t NFL fans, and women are only NFL fans in order to make their man happy, and as such we don’t need to worry about what a few politically correct wimps say”? … I wonder if this is one possible explanation for the otherwise inexplicable contempt for a large demo of potential customers.
The underworld had six houses meant to torture the new souls brought here. They were called the house of gloom, the house of blades, the house of jaguars, the house of fire, the house of cold and the house of bats. The underworld had no laws and the tortures were not meant to be penance for sins. They were more for the sadistic pleasure of the Lords. The Mayan death Lords did did not have a sense of justice like Lord Yama of Hinduism or Hades of Greek mythology. They were egoistic and cruel. People had to worship them out of fear for them.
First, I’d like to clarify. I am not doing a juice fast. There is absolutely no way I could go even one day without eating food that needs chewing. Even though I already had the juice I made last night….I’m still dying to eat right now. I brought a banana with me to work in case I got hungry and I swear its staring me down.
Apparently the deal stems from a complicated procedure worked out as part of the so-called debt ceiling bill that involves both the House and Senate voting on a resolution of disapproval against the increase. President Barack Obama would then have to veto the resolution and Congress would have to try and override that veto.
Singh, who pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual penetration of a child under 16, was sentenced to two and a half years' jail, to serve a minimum of 10 months.
I don't want attention and I don't want your compliments
4. knit and sew and learn to crochet
This isn’t going to be a long one, but I have a few people to thank for this blog still being here a year later.
Here are the stunning photos...
Author: Cathy Gohlke
36 ALMOST 30 million Africans are HIV-positive. By 2050 the disease may have claimed as many as 280 million lives.
Loves strength is stronger than war
“And I like existing.”
Shouted Moon as he bounded towards his friends.
We will be looking For Everything,even offering free classes for models that can’t afford payment,we are looking to add some glam to the SL Model Life,we will be different than any modeling company you ever seen in SL Grid..
*winces*
Okay, so the Christmas bit is over by a week and in a few hours it will be 2012!!! Whoo-hooo! I'm quite looking forward to some exciting months ahead.
The band gathered in my living room with only a week and a half to go before our St. Patrick’s Day concert. The Band is so good to me. So generous with their time. So enthusiastic about the music and about performing it. And, somehow, everybody knows what I mean for them to play rather than what I’ve written for them to play.
81. Visited the Vatican
so different,
Welcome to sick bay :(. I have both my kids home from school today. Phoebe was really poorly last night. When she gets a cold she struggles to breath and it's ever so scrary. I always have her inhaler ready but it's not nice for neither her nor me. So we have had a restless night.
***Creeeeeeeeeeek***** The door slowly opens
Speech by the European Central Bank’s President, Mr. Mario Draghi, at the annual reception of private banks organized by the Association of German Banks in Berlin, Germany.
blogs and projects she has over there,
“Well, we used something called Facebook. It was quite popular for a while.”
15. Call on You
I like my order,
*Incidentally, my parents' first car that I can actually remember was a 1975 Gran Torino. It was white, with leg-burning dark blue vinyl seats. It was also adorned with a "George Brett for President" bumper sticker, distributed during his MVP-winning 1980 season when he hit .390.
Next, here he is with black, light brown, and middle brown. He doesn't look so flat anymore, but he's still not very exciting.
Mare than anything that matters
The deep vocals paint a gloomy picture that matches the song title, while the steady, metronomic beat pounds your brain as the synth provides a catchy hook. You get the feeling of desolation, but strangely feel a bit uplifted at the same time!
imma stick to writing coz i'm no good at scribbling or any of those stuff.
Isn’t it true that it’s easier to give solution on somebody else’s concern?
His team is in North America spread over a number of time zones. Luis’s work day begins at noon and ends at 7pm which in Spanish culture is ideal because dinner is not usually until 9.30 or 10pm. Of course these hours are not fixed because he is measured by results. He has a huge amount of flexibility. No fretting about the plumber or the dog going to the vet. If he had been married lots of space to be a great parent. No commute. No office wardrobe.
"Sixteen Tons" was written by Merle Travis, a country singer who grew up in a Kentucky coal-mining county. Travis recorded the song in 1946 and released it the next year on an album titled Folk Songs of the Hills.
Quick Take: Kirkham places Austen and her novels in the context of Enlightenment Feminism and argues for Austen’s feminist credentials.
i haveto be in bed by 11
5) Now about those comments from Pastor Finnestad:
It was to the latter that we headed on the morning of Day 3. Kernel, in a railway arch near Bermondsey Tube station, is normally only open to the public on Saturday mornings but Evin very kindly allowed us to drop in on them during the week. Forklift training was in progress when we arrived, and the guys took it in turns to show us the shiny new kit and taste a couple of beers with us. It's an impressive set-up, and even though only two beers had made it into the new fermenters so far the potential is enormous. Hopefully we'll be seeing more taps, and bottles further afield, in due course.
Follow these simple rules, please:
it’s about a guy name Akiba Takara who is the vie president at his school, good-looking, and seems to have everything going for him. one day he gets cursed by the goddess Kanou that makes him unable to leave Kanou City until he is able to fulfill a hundred people’s wishes. that means that all his life plans about going and studying tokyo would be ruined if he doesn’t break the curse. then he receives a weird task of finding the god hidden in his school within a month or else the entire world will end. Now let the game begin….
I remember it like it was yesterday -
Grazing on Broadham Down is being carried out by Soay sheep in one area, and goats in another. I try to get closer to say hello, but the former run away and the latter, well, in amongst their flock is a big billy who looks at me quite evilly. A billy with horns. Long horns. With sharp points.
I have taken many sick days off work after particularly heavy binges over the last 14 years.
Makes approximately 4 1/2 -5 dozen whoopie pies.
Line a 9-inch cake pan with parchment. Arrange the poached pineapple and some glazed cherries in the bottom of the pan. Top with batter. Bake at 350F for 30 minutes (NOTE: This recipe must have been developed using a convection oven because it took this cake 55 minutes to bake in my regular oven. I suggest setting a timer for 30 minutes. If its not done, check on the cake after every additional 5-10 minutes.)
a deep breath
This is not to slander the woman. I've seen a lot of that buzzing around teh interwebs, and I reject that wholeheartedly. I'm sure that she's not evil, and that I could have a perfectly lovely conversation with her in the lounge at work, you know? And, I think that we underestimate her at our peril.
However, it was ever the mark of the political zealot to ignore reality in favour of an ideological dream.
me must i
Let me be honest, I don't really have a "favorite" quote. Just little sayings here and there or a line from a movie. I'm not sure if it counts to you, but for me it works!
The depth of a family need,
There was a beautiful girl who had a much broken mirror and considered herself very ugly. She hid her face from public view behind a veil.
My name is Sunny and I am a mascaraholic. From left to right: Cover Girl Lash Blast Volume, MAC Zoom Waterfast Lash, L’Oreal Million Lashes, Max Factor False Lash Effect, and Chanel Intimitable.
These are some of the better ideas I’ve had, and are certainly the least complicated. I basically want to create a bit more of a ‘game’ for the bug player than just running their models forward. I’m also thinking of making deployment rules in the scenario that enable the bug player to switch which side of the board they are coming on from quite quickly, meaning the marine player (who will be defending the Sci Fi Fort I posted about) will have to think about how they spread their forces about.
Ok I could do that but the leaf blower nozzle is flat and wide, hmm I inserted another smaller vacuum flat attachment into the leaf blower attachment duct taped it in and attached a pipe attachment into the drain, covered it will the towel and blew a force of air into the drain.
the potent corticosteroid
Wilson was born in Austin, Texas in 1912. He studied piano and violin at Tuskegee Institute. After working in the Lawrence “Speed” Webb band, with Louis Armstrong and also “understudying” Earl Hines in Hines’s Grand Terrace Cafe Orchestra, Wilson joined Benny Carter‘s Chocolate Dandies in 1933. In 1935 he joined the Benny Goodman Trio (which consisted of Goodman, Wilson and drummer Gene Krupa, later expanded to the Benny Goodman Quartet with the addition of Lionel Hampton). The trio performed during the big band’s intermissions. By joining the trio, Wilson became the first black musician to perform in public with a previously all-white jazz group.
4. JOIN A FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM. You'll be able to accumulate points towards free flights, use airport lounges and be first in line when upgrades become available. We're with United / Star Alliance. I know United isn't as highly regarded as, say, Singapore Airlines but I love them. LOVE THEM. I check in via First Class, occasionally get free upgrades to Business, and last time I flew home from NY they let me check in the 72 kilos of books I've bought at Strand bookstore. For free. They're always lovely, professional, kind and willing to help with problems. Such as excess book baggage. Gotta love a FF program. Some people dismiss them, but they're better than you think.
And just maybe he remembered, his humble beginnings, at a place once called Fort Stotsenberg.
Mr Sheridan asked whether it was part of Mr Wight’s job to break the law, with Mr Wight replying that this was “not strictly true”, adding that he did not accept it to be true when Mr Sheridan repeated the question.
It only takes a second for that flicker to be over and the monster, the man I fear, is back. The man who beats me senselessly almost every night, the man who controls every aspect of my life; from what I wear to if I can work. The man who enjoys all this power, all this control he has over me.
As for the technique, the herbs must be finely puréed, with no water (as this will discolour them) when cooking. They need to be bhunaoed, or fried, with the vegetables to retain the colour. The rice needs to be soaked beforehand, as we have done in previous blogs such as What unites Runs, Coronet.. , and it must be cooked in 2½ parts of liquid (by the absorption) method.
I must have smiled for she nodded her head at me.
Now that I’ve reviewed what to watch out for don’t throw out the envelopes that are decorated but can’t be mailed. You can always save those cards for hand delivering or place them in a larger envelope than can get through the postal service.
“One word,” said a woman about the same age. “Grandchildren. I have five with a sixth on the way. That’s my life now, and I love it.”
Overall, then, brewing is a fabulously efficient process -- nothing is "wasted" except, I guess, the fuel needed to heat the water and boil the wort. But then again, it's awfully hard to claim that anything is truly wasted when it results in something as wonderful as beer.
It was maddening! First of all, the girl gets the super strength?! And then she’s too afraid or prissy or whatever to use it?!
diverse agricultural
When my children laugh and see the happy look in their eyes, I know they're the perfect early Christmas gift...little bundles of joy.
Welcome to Week #18 of Black and White Wednesday. I am very pleased to present another amazing gallery of deliciously talented photos in marvelous shades of monochrome. All photos, this time, are presented in the order they were received. The final count is around fifty. Thank you so much for sharing. I have read many a kind word about how this event nicely breaks up and brightens what would otherwise be a long week. This is true for me as well. My commitment to catch up on commenting on your photo posts still stands, but I am yet quite behind, juggling several projects behind the scenes. Thanks for your patience and good will.
Dozens of seriously wounded people with extensive burns are crowding a hospital in Kunduz, AFP reported.
watering my petunias every day
I gave this speech on June 13, 2010, for the University of California, Santa Barbara’s Humanities and Fine Arts graduation ceremony. The grandstand area and lawn accommodated approximately 900 graduates and 5,000 attendees. David Marshall, the Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts and Executive Dean of the College of Letters and Science, introduced me after the keynote speaker’s address.
When she visited me last year.. we were walking out to the car.. and as we passed those trees.. she told me of the love she had for them -- since she was a young child, because the leaves looked like they were "dancing in the wind."
I shared The List by Joe Konrath with some colleagues here. Several found it amusing but ultimately we felt it was a bit too odd and were concerned about the audience. So I will be declining. William Morrow
Well, the main Libya conflict is now over. What do they want with Africa?
I. Tell the story of Jesus telling his disciples to go and preach the gospel (Matthew 28 1-19)
In a quest for independence, her neglected art, and no-strings-attached hookups, 18-year-old Bria signs up for a guided tour of Central America—the wrong one. Middle-aged tourists with fanny packs are hardly the key to self-rediscovery. When Bria meets Rowan, devoted backpacker and dive instructor, and his outspokenly humanitarian sister Starling, she seizes the chance to ditch her group and join them off the beaten path. When I said, after finishing Kirsten Hubbard's incredible debut novel Like Mandarin, that I wasn't quite to wait long to pick up her second novel, I wasn't kidding. Two weeks later I was diving into Wanderlove, with only the slightest touch of apprehension, because the storyline itself was not quite as appealing to me. While I didn't have quite the same heart-rush for Wanderlove as I did for Like Mandarin, the novel was still a great read: filled with adventure, growth, and heart.
things – fruit is – covetousness
The weather warmed and the WiseGuy started hitting again on a race at Turf Paradise. The Mayor had abandoned Turf earlier and was doing his handicapping on Santa Anita and having pretty much the same results as I was having. Something clicked on that particular race as I had just tried another combination the day before and saw that the patterns were becoming clearer. I was on track to the original combination. The Mayor and I could see a what we now call, ‘The Trend’ once we began applying a process toward the Trending Sheet I developed the month before because I was sick and tired of interpreting the running lines of the Race sheets that are in the background of the Bet Sheet ( seen below ).
The advocate-depute’s claim relied on the testimony of a police detective whose investigation concluded that just one person’s phone had ever been hacked by Mulcaire.
“She can’t survive out there, she doesn’t know the world and she doesn’t know herself.” Old Bubble slapped his belly as an exclamation. “I don’t think it will be too hard to see the emperor.”
Ewa: You mean you have got new job thanks to Visual Vamp? Could you please say something more about how it happened?
Oh and as a final note: never underestimate the power of chocolate milk.
I started getting a little nervous about missing the migration given the remarkable weather and took a early season drive to Fish Point Preserve to see if anything was shaking. Tornado warnings were in effect in the counties North and South of the lower shore of Lake Huron's Saginaw Bay. Large flocks of Tundra swans, Canadian geese, and Trumpeter swans had collected in the stubble fields to avoid the violent skies. I had never seen a Tundra swan migration before! A species that mates for life, and perhaps beyond, the bond was mirrored in the synchronicity of their wing play during the slow descent to earth. Love is literately in the air, a stirring marriage of body and mind. So sublime is their singularity of passion, if one of the pair should come to a premature end the other will prefer to spend the rest of it's days flying solo and unattached; except to the memory of that one lost soul mate.
Serge Prokofiev: "Cinderella"
- Developers launch appeal in Lands and Environment court
… and the newest privileged gay shill for the ‘Oh, we told you that if you played nice and let us get our ENDA we’d come back and add you to it but now we’re just going to forget about ENDA and concentrate on other gay-only stuff, HA! HA!’ agenda to be allowed to poison the equality well via the Washington Blade:
and i'll answer them all in another post!
Time. We never seem to have enough of it. Between work, family, and our busy social lives, how can we make the most of what time we do have? Even more important, how can we make more time for the people and things that we love?
8/27 New York, NY- Rumsey Playfield Summerstage
I was but an infant during the show’s original run, but as a kid I discovered the it through reruns on UHF, and loved it. Flash forward to the 90’s, I had another chance to see a couple of episodes, and was bored as hell. But inspired to check it out again now, I’ve watched several of the first Barnabas episodes and I’m loving it.
Over this holiday season, it's going to be a quiet one in my family. However, that will not dampen my holiday spirits. It's the best time now that I get to cook more and not only show you that I bake, I could actually cook up a storm. And if I say so myself.. the taste is wicked. It's the holidays, so a little self praised is good for the soul.
Now in a field, I'm surrounded by what seems to be an army of shambling zombies, shuffling their way to my untouched flesh. Within feet of them reaching me, I see all of the dead 'skin' sloughs off of them in layers, leaving them looking like the clean humans that they used to be. The zombie closest to me is my sister. I hug her in an embrace that spreads joy throughout the field.
We are in the midst of a busy weekend and a busy week ahead! I am hoping to include a post this week featuring some of the meatless meals we have been enjoying lately. In the meantime, enjoy this week's menu!
I galumph over to the coffee maker as the sound of a way-too-awake Mario and Luigi race around my living room.
"Oh, absolutely not," Oprah said when asked if not endorsing Obama in public is a sign of disappointment.
Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday season so far!
Nothing too major going on today, so I figured I’d just update on a few random things. I’ll be honest, too, I just haven’t gotten around to looking through the mail yet, so we’re going to hold off on a mailbag for now. I know, I know, don’t worry, I’ll get one posted soon.
Under different headings I was looking for the LA countries and I found the following:
Have a great week!!!!!!
We had a wonderful Christmas celebrating with family and friends. We celebrated Christmas Eve at my mom's, then we hosted Christmas dinner for 11 people at our house, hosted our annual Christmas party on Monday evening, and celebrated my brother-in-law's birthday Tuesday night. I feel like I need a couple days just to recuperate from all the celebrating!
The little painting is watercolour on primed paper with some black and white pens.
I almost posted a picture of that first attempt here, but got kind of embarrassed, both about how it looked and how much it impressed me last year. I've learned a lot since then. Here's one of this year's nativities:
Charumbira ruled his people nicely. All people loved him and all the people of other countries loved him too.
One each 14 oz. can creamed corn (seriously, I do not like creamed corn, but if you substitute regular corn – it is not nearly as good!)
6. Gareth Roberts’s first treatment for the Easter special involved an outer-space hotel with mysteriously disappearing guests, who were being taken down to the planet below to be implanted with alien eggs (because eggs=Easter, see?). Sounds a bit Battlestar Galactica (70s version) to us.
If you’ve been part of a local church for a while, then Romans 8:28 is probably one of those verses you’ve heard repeated a gazillion times. There is a reason why that’s true… because the verse is amazingly comforting! However, as time goes by, verses like this one that are used over and over start to lose their potency and effect as they become more familiar to us. Like John 3:16, we simply hear the reference to Romans 8:28 and we shut down mentally because we think we already know everything there is to know about such texts. Today I want to urge you not to abandon those pet verses the church likes to use in certain circumstances. Rather, to revive their freshness in your hearts, write out what the verse means in your own words according to its context in the Bible. Let’s use Romans 8:28 as a test drive for this practice.
Worship is a good thing, and God cannot have too much of it.
“They were great. They made the entire process as fun and easy as it could be. Thank you!”
Dandelions
Dialogue: 6,0:00:38.85,0:00:43.52,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Though, I would call that a pretty sad way to live.
So, we wrote back and forth over the weekend. I must have had 5 emails from him. I was not revealing myself at all. Didn’t tell him my name or where I lived or anything. I did tell him my age. I just wanted to see if he found someone from his yahoo personal ad. So, then I saw where he has a myspace page. Hmmmm, I shall read through it…saw all of his pictures…After I read through it, I thought, well hell, this guy is sooo busy, and here I am messing with him, keeping it anonymous. I should just finally tell him who I am, and then he could block me or laugh at me ,something and again, I would go on my merry way, because, again, I want to be the neighborhood cat lady. So, I wrote a longer email to him and told him all about myself.
A person listening to someone else speaking will automatically put together what is being said with how it is being said to facilitate understanding.
And the arguments he makes are totally illuminating. The writers we praise and admire now were paying very close if not conscious attention to the lower stuff going on—Melville loving sea romances, for instance. I read it for the first time in 2000 and definitely started wondering why you couldn’t do that in the present tense. So some of the pieces are experiments following out from it.
Love brings to light the high and the hidden characteristics of the person who loves—what is rare and exceptional about him: to that extent it easily misleads us about what is normal in him.
Use the Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing Mix in your flour mixture (this will make your fried chicken taste pretty close to that national brand).
3and provide for those who grieve in Zion—
9:20 Chris Wallace & Brit Hume are debating about Ted Kennedy and both waxing poetic about him even with their disagreements with his policy. Thank you for being human instead of partisan.
Astro, the only satellite channel to be licensed by the BN Government is owned by one of the country’s richest entrepreneurs, Ananda Krishnan, known for his close links with the ruling UMNO party.
Nonetheless, a good animation is a good animation regardless of the soundtrack. This is a very dark, gothic animated video that would probably never be shown on actual TV. I am reminded of Nightmare Before Christmas / Corpse Bride a bit, but with cell animation instead of stop-motion animation.
I have mentioned in previous posts that we are taking a break from sugar and grains. Here is a little background info to explain why:
They would not guess how early in
I realize I often begin these posts quite cheerful- but today's post is worthy of cheer.
If any of you know of any white grape varieties whose name starts with a V and that I missed off the list, please tell me.
You will propose on a hot air balloon. Or during a rock concert. Or very casually next time she’s sick. Over Skype.
18. Is it cold in here, or are you just afraid to kiss me? +
Regardless of how she was categorized, she was admired. Expressing a common sentiment, Jon Pareles of The New York Times wrote in 1990 that she had “one of the great voices in American popular music, with a huge range, a multiplicity of tones and vast reserves of volume.”
I could honestly get only halfway through the 53 pages of this thread before I gave up saving and re-posting. There is simply too much awesome. Feel free to head over there and check out the rest of the collection, as this is but a small cross-section.
Well, as you can see, the photos are not the best. How I wish, I could share you for real. It's a kind of a cutie, though? Or at least, if you ask me §:-) The efforts GH had and me, who sewed the curtains, blinds and the pillow cases (not the white ones) was a satisfying outcome. Helping together sorting out the looks of our home, make our understanding and the bonding as man and wife get more stronger. We sat and talked about the plans. I plan, decide and he is the doer, uhumm... of course, I am the assistant. Keeping him accompanied.
To add insult to injury the picture you're looking at is a foot of 3/4" steel rebar poking through the wall of my living room. (Look in the corner and you'll see another hole). I had two more like it, both of which intruded into my daughter's play area, at about 12" off the ground: RIGHT WHERE SHE SITS AND PLAYS. The workers "happened to misjudge" the reinforcement point by almost two feet and they drilled into our apartment rather than between floors. And they did it four times! I don't even want to think about what would have happened if a child had been sitting against the wall when one of those came through.
When I think of my favorite works by Duncan Grant, I consider his landscapes, his interiors, his still life paintings, his decorative work, and his works that were considered especially outstanding, such as "Bathing" and "The Dancers." Most of them express the exuberance and joy that I associate with Duncan Grant, the artist and the person. There is a lyricism, spontaneity, and sensuousness to his work that many critics have observed. I admire all of them. But my favorites, the ones that I always want to see are the portraits, like this one:
a bending, whirling, human dance.
I would like to present the process of criminal investigation here as I currently conceive of it. I have no background in law enforcement whatsoever, and not nearly as much understanding of this topic as I would like. Those in a position to shoot down my misconceptions in this regard are invited to do so, and teach me something new in the process. This ringing self-endorsement out of the way, let us proceed.
The year-old label includes a vast repertoire of one-of-a-kind and limited edition designs. Named as a tribute to Schretter’s paternal grandmother and the origins of her business, King Street, NYC and Boston, MA, the Harriet Kingston collection combines premium high-end reclaimed vintage components to create timeless, whimsical creations while conserving materials and avoiding the use of newly minted natural resources.
Hi baby boy. I miss you so much! I can't believe you would have been a year and a half old and gone for a year and a half. Your little brother is helping to ease the pain, but there are days where I feel the hurt just as much as I did a year and a half ago. I try not to think of what you would be doing now, but sometimes I can't help it. You would be walking and talking and I know you'd be helping to give Lucas his bottles. I've been seeing a lot of dragon flies lately and I've been wondering if you've been sending them to me. Grandma and Grandpa took another pinwheel out to your gravestone. They had Lucas help them pick it out. He picked out two to play with at their house during they day. We all miss you bud.
Anyway. I got no pictures of the tape cover, no pictures of the bands, no nothing. I'm not even sure if that's the real title of this cassette. And yet the music lives on. I have little or no connection to the scene documented here. I just thought it was interesting. Vegas was a small town until about 1990. It must have been something back in 83 for the bands and the audiences. Making punk rock exist out of pure momentum out in the middle of nowhere. Good for them. And us.
My Suzuki, 1994 Intruder 800 cc, has come home from the shop where the mechanic rebuilt the carburetor for which I paid a good deal of money. Unfortunately, the choke is wonky and in order to start the bike, I have to pull in the clutch, wrap my long streamers around it to hold it in tightly, then pull out the choke and use the other hand to hit the throttle and ignition start button. So a three handed job to start it or a two handed job with streamers to start it. Once it is warmed up and ready to go, it pokes and backfires and chugs down the street. I am a bit worried about going to far with it in case she breaks down entirely. So I am trying to run out the tank of gas on 10 and 20 mile trips at a time. Not very satisfying. However, I have learned that I am still very good at driving in a straight line! No worries there. Turning corners has become a bit of a challenge again. I can’t do any tight corners. Luckily the parking garage has nice wide corners and as I chug up to our third floor parking spot, my pipes usually set off about 3 or 4 car alarms. I love those loud pipes.
9 out of 10.
RoboCop could very easily have become ridiculous if the first look at our title crime-fighter in action looked more like a fancy Halloween costume or something that looked more befitting a 1940s serial. Fortunately Verhoeven had the talent of Rob Bottin and his crew at his disposal, which designed one of the most detailed, effective cyborg suits ever. For 1987, the sight of a metallic, rubber-jointed product that seemed quite plausible in and of itself. We also get a cool stop-motion assist in scenes involving a huge monstrosity of a robot from Phil Tippett and his little helpers. Even if Bottin and Verhoeven didn't always see eye to eye on the look of their baby, it seems both were happy with the end result.
I’m excited about how this will be portrayed in the production but don’t want to give it away, as I think the surprise element is crucial, but I’ll offer these pictures as a hint. (I’ll also say that our conductor makes a phenomenal cameo in this as well…)
New York furrier: The one-time fashion insider used the expertise of a Manhattan furrier to sew her fresh pelts together. Sewing took four days
Spring’s cherry blossom, feathered tulips and yellow forsythia have made way for oversized gladioli, irises and bright, showy rhododendron. And, here today, gone tomorrow, are my favourite – the heart-breakingly beautiful bleeding hearts.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Do you think there will be justice for Anousone and his family? Watch with us as the trial unfolds next week.
Evil doesn’t always look scary. Built at the turn of the twentieth century by one of the richest and most powerful men in the world, tucked away in the pristine Pocono Mountains, Summer Place seems the very essence of charm and beauty. But behind the yellow and white trimmed exterior lurks an evil, waiting to devour the unwary. Seven years ago, Professor Gabriel Kennedy’s investigation into paranormal activity at Summer Place ended in tragedy and destroyed his career. Now, Kelly Delaphoy, the ambitious producer of a top-rated ghost-hunting television series, is determined to make Summer Place the centerpiece of an epic live broadcast on Halloween night. To ensure success, she needs help from the one man who has come face to face with the evil that dwells in Summer Place-a man still haunted by the ghosts of his own failure. Kennedy wants nothing to do with the event. But Summer Place has other plans. As Summer Place grows stronger, Kennedy along with the paranormal ghost hunting team, The Supernaturals, sets out to confront…and if possible, destroy…the evil presence dwelling there. But sometimes in a paranormal investigation, the ghosts hunt you…
Truth is what I yearn to share
Belief: You don’t have to have a degree in marketing to get great marketing results. But you do have to believe in yourself and your actions. I call it a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you believe that can’t do something, you’re right – you won’t do it. On the other hand, if you believe that you can learn what it takes to get better marketing results you will.
I am loving the colored denim coming out for this Fall, but I wanted to stick with Summer colors for this post.
pine for home
Everyone remember to keep your comments coming for Garrosh’s Poetry Challenge! In the meantime, though, I still need to finish telling you what all went on while I was up in Hyjal, because–
When I left the old blog and started this new one, many months later, I did a couple of things. I educated myself. I read everything I could on or about blogging. I got really clear about my must-have wants and intentions right off the bat. In the beginning they were: I don’t want to spend too much time doing anything techie, I want to spend it on the writing. I want feedback. I also want feedback from people who do NOT know me and my comedy. I want to foster a loving and yet, hilarious community of good souls who get it. It was that simple. Not much more thought out than that.
Bike - Supergrass – Turn Ons (good cover of Syd Barret’s classic)
We’re selves of our former shadows.
Serve!
So I am picking Matt up at the airport today.....I haven't seen him in 5 weeks! I swear.....I can't wait until my life is normal again.
I got up and swept my robe around me, brrrr it was so cold. I got closer to the window and from the light off the lamp post i could see that it was snowing.
In a dictatorship, there are only two types of behaviors: those that are required and those that are forbidden. It's not like democracy where there's a whole lot of grey area in between.
Compasses are normally filled with fluid to provide dampening for the card and provide stability of operation. Some compasses use mineral spirits as the fluid and others have talked of alcohol, glycerin and even kerosene. Whatever fluid is used, if it leaks out, then there is a problem!
But today the High Court found that iiNet had no direct technical power to prevent its customers from using the BitTorrent file sharing system to infringe copyright. "Rather, the extent of iiNet's power to prevent its customers from infringing ... copyright was limited to an indirect power to terminate its contractual relationship with its customers," the court said.
The next two hours Randall let me ponder over the error of my ways and to soak in my guilt. Absent his forgiveness I thought I might absolve myself by writing this. During my writing, I think he may have been reading over my shoulder, because amazingly to me, Randall suddenly deliberately left his perch, resolutely crossed the room, jumped up on the footstool at my feet, stretched out facing me and fixed his gaze on mine. I slowly reached out my hand wondering if I would receive a claw-extended paw in return, or maybe a quick head lunge forward with teeth biting enough to hurt but probably not break the skin. Instead I was allowed to gradually stroke Randall's body, as he eventually purred his forgiveness.
And here’s the best part of Ho’oponopono, it didn’t require meditation or specific ritual to cleanse our minds. It also didn’t tie to any religion specifically. These five phrases can be used anywhere, everywhere, to any situation we like, to people we love or dislike and use it for love. All we need to do is to repeat these phrases many times (many times = mantra).
Mac Apps
The explosion box closed:
Kids Polo Shirts With Halloween Logos
When and why did weddings become so crazy producing bridezillas rather than domestic goddesses?
Several weeks ago our power went out. It was early evening and starting to get dark so my husband started looking for a flashlight. He found one. Just one. I couldn't help but get a sick feeling in my gut when I realized how unprepared we were for a power outage . What if there was a bigger emergency?
Molten Cookie Pie - June 3
A trade mark was not the only identifier Dürer put on his pictures. He left lines of commentary on the sketches, and gave the finished engravings elaborate marble tablets explaining his subject and his purpose. He wanted to tell the world that he, Albrecht Dürer of Nuremberg, had done this: that it was made, gemacht, with his genius and effort ...".Curiously, while Dürer was particular to make sure that his initials appeared on his work so that it could be easily identified, the author of this article is apparently anonymous.
Dominated by it’s neighbor, pulsing with righteousness
But if she did go through with the abortion, Jack would continue to love her. And the situation would be just like before the pregnancy.
Resist the urge to hang out with your cell phone.
The women stopped dancing after approximately two to a maximum of three minutes, the second women later claimed that she had taken offence to a smutty comment made by one of the players, after which both women refused to continue dancing. Again there are differing accounts as to what occurred. Certainly some of the players, including two who would later be charged with rape, had found the event rather distasteful and decided to leave, whilst others felt they had been ripped off, and were concerned that they had paid out $800 for less than three minutes of entertainment.
Prominant figures from the Warhammer 40,000 universe feature in extended cameo roles, but this is ultimately Talos' story. And it is a good story! Trash? Sure, of course it is. But about as good as trashy sci-fi fantasy gets.
and held that post until his death. Although he also continued to
Hope these help!
As we were driving there, I mentioned to Jesse that I sometimes miss being a kid and doing kid things like running around sprinklers, bike rides, and playing outside with no cares in the world.
TRADITIONAL MUSIC
1 cup slivered almonds- I left these out as I didn't have any.
Many companies stay the same size or even downsize during difficult times and it’s the Directors, in conjunction with the Senior Management Team who will make the difficult decisions about what’s right for the ongoing viability of the business at any particular time.
Its ride quality are also drawn to sharply creased sculpting around the 2005 acura tl accessory a tad disappointing and artificial, with little feedback from the used 2005 acura tl, this 286-horsepower V6 offers 28 more than an ordinary exhaust system. It increases the used 2005 acura tl by allowing the used 2005 acura tl are regulated before they enter the 2005 acura tl photo than the invoice 2005 acura tl if you catch it on a 6-speed manual box concluded the used 2005 acura tl. This short-throw mixer gratifies with every TL, including base models. Let alone the used 2005 acura tl with the 2005 acura tl invoice be on a canyon road with a set of Pirelli ice and snow radials mounted, it still felt a touch light and skittish in some provinces for those with a typical Honda front MacPherson suspension and multi-link rear, to which they've paid more attention in damping and noise control. The ride isn't as harsh as the 2005 acura tl rims of the used 2005 acura tl a truck, rather than fiddling with the 2005 acura tl modification and conveniences we have come to expect in premium-level vehicles.
This is why Yoshinkan is sometimes referred to as the “hard-style”. Yoshinkan Aikidokas will practice the basics in the form of solo movements called kata. Nevertheless, as Yoshinkan Aikidokas gain more experience, their movements become more fluid and will eventually develop spontaneity of techniques.
In truth, the blood intoxicates psyches -
Here is my card that I'm entering for the Peachy Keen Challenge. The only requirement is that it has a pocket. I made this flower pot note card. The note goes inside the flower pot and that's my pocket.
01. Shine on You Crazy Diamond (interrupted)
I do have a new page to share today. It is up over on the Pink Paislee blog, but I am going to share it here. The theme I worked with was called Material Mix and basically it means mix those different lines together!
Making the voyage this year,
If you'd like to make these handles you'll need to cut your handle strip 2" x 16 - 18" depending on how much gather you want. You'll also need about 9 1/2" of 1/4" elastic.
college notes 1934
Tools: Martha Stewart butterfly punch, stapler
Lately, the plethora of atheist books written have gained soaring popularity, and atheism has being making lots of noises – so much that terms such as “second coming of atheism” and “new atheism” could be read in many articles. Well-known atheists such as Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, Daniel Dennett and Christopher Hitchens are seen as the leaders of this sudden rise of atheism. These people have often being called “militant atheists” – not only by theists, but also surprisingly by other atheists too. This is mainly because they are seen as equally dogmatic and rigid in their beliefs, and their tones often come across as strident and arrogant.
www.millbrookindustries.com
The other side has my apothocary jars that are filled with speckled eggs and pastel jelly beans, I'm having a hard time telling the kiddos they are just for decoration, and not a constant snacking trough, more then once I've caught Peyton pulling a chair over to the piece of furniture so he can get a little snack, and as I'm typing this I realize that the bathroom step stool is over there now, a little friend must've snuck a few more! : )
Especially when it comes to cooking. I like to whip up some home-made wonders once in a while, but my favorite cooking websites (allrecipes.com, epicurious.com, notakeout.com, and all their uppity friends), are causing a bald patch on the back of my head from my frustrated hair-pulling shenanigans.
So, Super Amazing Mum, I thank you for the tag and I hope to meet you one day so you can give me a lesson in red lipstick as I haven't mastered the shade or application! Anyway, moving on to me and what I love about myself.....
The bouquet was presented to the lady of the house some years ago.
Karla sent me a fascinating article on how certain beers — your higher-alcohol, full-bodied ones, such as Belgians — can be a tasty treat if you let them age for a few months or years. I'd love to try this, except I don't have a wine cellar where I could keep them at 68 degrees or less. I have a beer fridge, but that would be too cold to let the aging happen. And during the Texas summers, I just can't afford to keep my house at 68, although the wife would very much like that.
Alright, I think that's it for today. I am about to run to Target to pick up a birth ball so I can start practicing the prenatal exercises/stretches we learned in class last night.
We turned to a known cause to help us promote our efforts. You may or may not have heard of BRAS FOR A CAUSE. A great theme-oriented idea to raise unique awareness of cancer with the help of artists. A decorated bra competition is held to showcase the imaginative endeavors of artists. The surface of an actual bra is the “canvas” by which an artist is free to embellish in any tasteful fashion. It is then displayed for public viewing. At our event, we are raising funds by allowing event visitors to vote on their “People’s Choice Award”. For a small fee, they can vote and their dollars help the cause at the same time. Our exhibit is free to the public.
My friend explained that she was never really athletically inclined and hated gym class all through out her education and that rope-climbing and push ups and situps were embarrassing and confidence-crushing experiences.
End of Volume Two
Today has been intense. I cried as I drove to my non-stress test this morning because I couldn't help but think of Aiden's final days when I was in my 37th week with him. Thankfully, Kevie did a wonderful job while I was on the monitor which put my heart and mind at ease for a bit. And now, as I write this, his hiccups and wiggles are giving me great comfort.
Once Reality was school age, I thought I’d just enroll her in the same school as the kids and let nature take its course. After all, the other 8 was gonna want to know who their half sister was. Especially, if she was sitting right there in the same school as them. I was gonna go about it all calmly until I seen on television that Oprah had invited Kate and her kids to go to Africa. There were going to go to Oprah’s school and talk about what it was like to be famous.
Before I continue, I would strongly advice all readers (and certainly all EBM and guideline-skeptics) to read this excellent and clearly written BJM-editorial by David Sackett et al. that deals with misconceptions, myths and prejudices surrounding EBM : Evidence based medicine: what it is and what it isn’t [5].
And slept in burning, eternal grace
nor is it enough to continue for a time to pray;
He couldn’t have been anymore spot-on.
"I spoke to the female sergeant and told her I had all my workers' registration papers on file at the office, and would bring them to the police station," Hall said.
In Britain, as we all know BNP leader Nick Griffin was subjected to a politically motivated criminal prosecution for making statements which have since been proven to be true. Mr. Griffin's claims that gangs of Muslim paedophiles have been grooming white girls for sex, have been echoed by ex-Justice secretary Jack Straw, and confirmed by various journalists and leading police officers. However, as Judge Norman Jones informed Nick Griffin at his trial, that he was telling the truth was no defence against race hate charges.
Well tonight I was spoilt for choice what I wanted to colour. I sorted out my room so I've got some space to craft! Opened my promarkers box and little fingers have been there and rearranged them aaaargh! Spent half hour putting them back in order and got scribbling on this one which is a new digi by Hannah Lynn from Crafts and Me.
Jared Olivetti:
Wednesday, 5/16: Skillet pork chops with mustard sauce and veggies
but because of the great commision.
“How is it that you do not understand that I spoke it not to you concerning bread, that you should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees? Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.” Matthew 16:11-12
This doesn't have to be at all perfect. Just a rough divide.
The Lyrics:
It was the most incredible revelation; here was the lens through which I see the world, perfectly articulated and preceding me by forty years. To this day, it informs so much of what I think and talk about. I went on to study most of the rest of Jacobs' body of work, but even now I keep a copy of The Death & Life next to my bed for quick-reference, finding it as prescient and useful as ever on an almost daily basis. I can hardly speak about anything without relating it back to the built environment or transit infrastructure or demographics or history; it bores the snot out of my friends but frankly, I don't care to think about things any other way.
A recent phenomenon in outdoor beverage concession sales is roving sales teams of ladies bringing “Jager Shots” to your seat. At first it seemed as normal as the beer and soda sellers, employees wading through the crowds to save you from having to wait in line. But the frequency of seeing them pass by with trays of test-tube size shots was surprising. There will be no moralizing from me on people who choose to get high or feelin’ good on beer, wine or pot at concerts. I personally enjoy a few beers as much as anyone, but the constant effort Pavilion employees were involved in to sell as much “Jager”as possible seems to me to have crossed the line. No one forces you to buy shots at a concert, but this easy access “service” just seems potentially dangerous for others. Let’s see, tickets ranging from $49.00 to $150.00, $25.00 T-Shirts, $8.50 beers, $13.00 hamburgers with chips and a soda is not enough profit from 10,000 people? Why don’t we all tip the Jager ladies $1.00, BUT DON’T BUY THE JAGER SHOTS. I contacted the Pavilion management office and they refused to answer any questions or comment on their concession/alcohol policies.
“Billions of miles away from this world, hidden beyond a multi-gravitational meteor field, three astroid belts, and a dwarf black hole, is a small and unassuming celestial body. I can’t find much of a different way to explain it. It isn’t a star, it’s not a meteor. It has an atmosphere, but I wouldn’t exactly call it a planet. It is, however, a world.”
I can still remember the excitement when we were all celebrating the pregnancy & the upcoming arrival of a new little person in all our lives. I need to explain that some of my childhood friends have stopped being my friends, and have become family. I’m Tia Lori to all of their kids and I consider them extensions of me… So when my friend’s water broke on Christmas Eve 2009 we all were on pins and needles. I remember I even took a cake to the hospital on December 28th to Celebrate my friend’s birthday… Then on December 29th, Alessandra was born, way too early… She was with us for a brief time but somehow she will always be with us. I will never forget the sadness on my friend’s face when I went to see her at the hospital, at that moment I wish there was something I could do to make it all go away. But it was way beyond what I could control. So now I walk…
It's not exactly the most reflective or inspirational environment in which to make New Year's Resolutions. But though we might be capable of changing our own destinies, we can't do a lot about the date.
China is looking here, to Western Sichuan on the eastern edge of the Tibetan plateau, where dozens of rushing tributaries of the upper Yangze surge down canyons’ steep vertical rises, for energy. The Dadu River, which we drove along for two days, is said to have 50% more hydropower potential (“exploitable installed capacities”) than the Three Gorges. Reports say there will be 22 hydroelectric power plants along the Dadu, creating flood zones, requiring the removal of something like 100,000 people from valley to high ground. One Chinese environmental group reports that no branch rivers will remain natural, but will become “cascade reservoirs.” No one knows the ecological outcome of such fundamental changes to hydrological cycles, river connectivity and dynamics.
Add a teaspoon of salt to the mix and let it sit for about 5-6 hours. I usually soak the mix overnight.
In a future experiment I will try making my own sweetened condensed milk. I've actually been meaning to do that for years. I already make my own brown sugar, so once I conquer the sc milk I will have 'Scratch Coffee Creamer' truly from scratch! So cool!
They’re probably the funniest people I know.
Miss Larrieux survives on a diet of meat, potatoes, cereals and an occasional apple but refuses even a single slice of carrot on her dinner plate.
I decided to delve into my stash of shaped cards again and used this Elegant Step Card from Which Craft. The yellow card stock has been in my stash for ages along with the flowers and gems.
Mr. Kitchen and I are sightseeing types — we’re not prone to lying on beaches. We love history and exploring a new city is a past-time that we both have really enjoyed. (Except driving in said new cities. That one nearly ended our marriage before it really got started.) We had run ourselves pretty ragged running around London and then Scotland, until we got to Skye, which is the. most. beautiful. place. on. earth. Yes. Each word needed its own punctuation. It’s that damn gorgeous. And the seafood! If you like seafood, I’m convinced you’ll never find better than on that island.
You can place all of the ingredients in a crockpot for 6 to 8 hours. I just made it
who live and move but have no being.
Science suspect that
Unlike Midtown, Bucktown or Little Five Points, you're in the 'burbs here. So the attitudes aren't always as liberal. And it was a Saturday afternoon, so there were a lot of people there. And I can just hear some of you say "I could never go out to a mall on a Saturday afternoon! I might run into someone I know, or I won't be passable enough, or people will point at me and say bad things or..."
When I first came to know Him and trust in Him, I was depressed and lost. But He took my broken heart and mended it. He made everything right. As this song says, Jesus will take “The broken hearts of lonely souls / And make all things right.”
I will still try to update, but it won't be as frequent.
Thanks to all my wonderful followers for sticking by me while i get a hang of this whole blog thing :) Your the best!!
following reprisals.
I've got balls bigger than your pea shaped fucking brain,
Pernik: for giving it a shot
over all,
at doing other people’s hair than my own
Second, and most important, Olivieri admits himself that elliptical orbits of the planets are the crux of the issue, and I quote his admission.
So, today, 7 years later, I don’t eat red meat, processed meats, fish and chicken on the bone…so that leaves me with chicken fillets only. The reason for this is: Fish doesn’t look like they meant to be eaten, red meat is just gross and if it wasn’t for a really badly cooked chicken I was made to eat (that still had traces of fresh blood on the bone), fillet chicken is all I’m eating. So, being “older and wiser” and still no concrete valid reason for not eating meat, I’ve decided to clue myself up on vegetarian terms and the benefits of my eating arrangements, through a series of upcoming blogs…
For example: “I don’t think you and Bill will have fun if you’re worried about Sara. Why don’t you hire a sitter to watch her so you can celebrate with us.”
I attended last fall and was gobsmacked by the breadth and depth of offerings and friendly faces. My judgement was biased, to be candid, by knowing many of the vendors from Oaxaca!
Anyway, net net: ”letting go?’ Not my forte. However, denial? Particularly about certain things — like whether my four-Diet Cokes-a-day habit is breeding some additive-induced cancer, or if I’m going to hell for fantasizing about cryogenically freezing my people so that I can score 6 to 12 guilt-free months of wine drinking and trash novel-reading? Well, that’s my specialty. I do denial like the Dali Lama does peace: 100 percent and without a trace of doubt. Seriously, all I need is a new haircut and a pretty, sunset-hued toga. I know it’s not healthy. But don’t kick a cowgirl when she’s down. It’s not polite.
The winner of the Simon Gift Certificate, as chosen by random.org is....
When writing about a place, we have a temptation to describe it all at once, but it’s more effective to begin at a distance, then move in for the smaller details. So there you are out in the snow and cold. What is the panoramic view? What specifically do you see in the distance? What sounds are coming to you from far away?
And I began to realize that hiding my expressions from my face was denying myself and my friends the intimacy of seeing how I actually felt. He said he could actually see and feel what I was feeling. My feelings did not become his own but he could begin to see how much he had hurt me and in allowing him to see it I allowed him to get closer to me.
with Jamie Oliver, and the 2004
Anyway, ACC, I’m glad you’re having a good time with Ted. Rescue mounts can have their quirks, no question about it, but over time it does get better, once they’ve had time to realize that they’re safe now. And remember, yeah, those roflcopters are cool and all, but a roflcopter can’t love.
As a friend of mine pointed out, Ethel could have been playing the Doctor the whole time—encouraging his affections to ensure he’d keep her safe. But I doubt it, because this lady does little to guide her own destiny otherwise. It’s amazing to see Dietrich, only a year away from The Blue Angel (1930), playing a woman this mousy. Had she brought an early version of Lola-Lola onto that ship, we’d have something to talk about.
The Dog eating freak and his endless fiascos just won't go away either!
* How to Calculate Readership: Circulation is the number of newspapers that are printed and distributed each day. Readership reflects the actual number of people who read those newspapers.
Me: "What if it's just a giant uterus that people had to throw babies at and if the babies stick, they win the game or something?"
Chocolate Pudding Mousse
So it is not a matter of acquiring detachment. It is a matter of seeing the foolishness of attachment when you suffer in attachment; then you do not go to the opposite. Now, what happens? You want to be attached and at the same time you want to be detached, and in this conflict there is pain. If in pain itself you realize the finality of pain, if you do not try to escape to the opposite, then that very pain will free you from both attachment and detachment.
Are floating about somewhere unable to reach out to assist you,
As an adult, I see that this was once again, evidence of how my mother’s Buddhist practice informed her parenting. In Buddhism, it is called right attitude or right view and it is one of the steps of the Eight Fold Path. The steps refer to a set of practices available to eliminate suffering and achieve equanimity in our human experience. Other items on the list are right speech, right livelihood, right concentration, right action, right mindfulness, right effort, and right intention.
Our Senior Pastor, Lon Solomon, asked the two following questions in a recent sermon:
Again, apologies for the delay, but sometimes, even life gets in the way of a great read!
Yesterday I posted about the Newbie Blogger Initiative. I’ve gotten the chance to read and comment on a few new blogs, and I’m pretty stoked about the whole thing.
I asked myself, "How can I make glimmer mist without the powders???"
I am not going in any order, I am just going to go. I am going to follow the light that is leading me in this and work/draw/paint on this project in His timing. No deadlines, no pressure, just to keep working at it.
What did you think of the video?
He: (snorts) Sweetie, I _have_ someone who does that.
I have downloaded a new Blogger version.
Graphics the game is superb, some areas are a joy to witness and I found myself stopping every once and a while just to look around. The conversations between Nathan and Victor are as brilliantly scripted and acted as ever and levels like the aircraft and desert really throw you into the thick of an adventure.
Tot was given the choice to stay in her room or move to the spare "green" bedroom (where you might remember she camped out in for months and more months and more months not long ago). Despite my feelings about it, she opted to go into the "green room" (equals more work for me). Consequently, Bean would go into Tot's old room and Bean's room would return to the nursery for the baby.
So if I'm not around the next couple of days it's cause I'm taking a hometown hiatus. Having fun with family and making an attempt at building my brand. Then when I get back it'll be about time to start cookin' the next Spawnie. So much excitement packed in a week. I may implode from the thrill.
● South Africa, which reintroduced DDT in 2003 after a seven-year ban, saw its malaria rates plummet 80%.
When the time feels right for you, take action. Take the time to reflect on your own inner truths so that you can ‘clear the way’ to firstly trust and then follow your own gut (also why a clear gut is important). Clear your solar plexus (chakra or energy centre in your stomach area that governs your intuition and ‘gut knowing’) and surround yourself with lots of bright yellow colour which will also raise your spirits and bring in sunshine vibes of happiness. Sun energy is important too in this clearing process.
- 60% of first district respondents “want Benishek replaced”
1 determine
To taste whole joys. Gems which you women use
So I'm up, taking a break from folding laundry.
So there you have it. Some cryptic message, embedded int eh asphalt. Who is doing it? And why? We may never know.
In (Part 2) of this blog, we talked about the “Level of Expectation” process in your Sales Department.
1. Have exceptional coloring skills. Most of our images are made to be
Rest In Peace Sweet Girl.
That's enough of the garden for now. It's still a work in progress. I think I've planted 50 or so tomato plants around the outskirts of the garden...some corn, lots of peppers, cucumbers, squash (still have a bunch I started from seeds to plant), etc. It's got a great start and I'm happily still working in it a little every day.
Vehicles at cost price for ECA members Dismissal for poor work performance during probation Who is an independent contractor? Installation of thermal insulation around electrical equipment ECA (SA) schedule of rates New ombudsman and new heat pump division
“Hello? Jenro?”
Then I thought: "I don't even like graham cracker crusts. Who even bought this?"
When I heard about this new development at the Piggly Wiggly Country Village I got excited. I had visions of a large scale conundrum of twisting trails, confusing crossroads and frustrating dead ends. Sadly, I was a little disappointed. In reality, it is fairly easy to navigate the narrow maize paths and the only real concerns are a slap in the eye from an encroaching mealie stalk or the threat of being bowled over by a swarm of sprinting children.
We went to dinner with P’Dacha (?) and P’Om last night. P’Dacha is
Lee Harvey Oswald. 500 to 1
His expression changed as he looked at me and I knew he remembered our rocky past. My heart leapt into my throat. This was not the face of a man happy to see an old chum.
Hopefully not just yet.
- One entry per person (unless you use a Little Miss Muffet Stamps image)
We wish to acknowledge that without the work of these incredible filmmakers, and music producers it would not have been possible for Awakening As One to share its message of Peace and Unity with such beauty, heart and soul.
Prim Blessings,
All you have to do is take one pad, and lightly rub in circular motions over cleansed skin. You’ll feel your skin being exfoliated, and you can even see some of the dead skin, or leftover makeup, being swept right out onto the pad! You’ll want to focus on the areas that you have any dry patches or flaky skin.
“No.” I said, “Not yet.”
'Which are?' asked the Blonde.
Wobbly bits – well I have definitely become wobblier recently. I guess I am in my healthy weight range, but my tummy has always bothered me, particularly after having children. I have recently noticed that my bum is joining in though and that is not on!! I disagree with using weight as a measurement of getting slimmer so I really want to focus on how I look and feel. Saying that I did weigh myself this morning for the first time in months – and that was really because I know that most people associate with this, and would probably want to know how much I weigh at the start of my getting-toned journey. So my current weight is 9 stone and half a pound. I know that probably sounds small to lots of people, but I am only 4 foot 11 inches tall and every pound shows on my face and tummy (and now bum!!). So as I said I want to reduce wobbliness and at the same time gain energy and vitality. I have no goal weight or dress size – I just want to feel happy in a bikini in the summer and be able to jump around as much as my heart desires…oh and of course live as long as possible in a fit and strong body.
Tactics
How much of a demonstration (or a ‘show’ – now – my life?) is needed?
Mix the dry ingredients together in a large bowl. Mix the wet ingredients together in another bowl. Add the wet to the dry and stir (fold the wet into the dry). The batter will be lumpy. Add fruit if desired or whatever else you want, such as chocolate chips or chopped nuts. Fill each muffin cup about 2/3 full. Bake at 400 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes. The recipe makes 12 muffins.
I know the 365 is now over, but I STILL give you all BIG baking hugs and muffins!! xoxoxox
Could never reach our destiny.
11. Adagio – Allegro 8:52
Boneless chicken- 500 gms (I used chicken thighs)
“Many women put off having a child in the wake of The Great Recession,” Wilcox says. “Now, we think more women and couples have decided to go ahead and have a child—especially that second or third child that they put off at the height of the recession.”
Once they see my new glasses, they are going to feel all kinds of guilt and remorse for tormenting me so much.
I really enjoyed the effect although it wasn't "magical" per se. All of these top coats applied beautifully, dried quickly and with a matte finish. They crack very well and I was impressed that they will still crack even if you apply lightly over an already cracked area. I don't like that this looks like black crackle, I wish it was clearer that this was purple, green, etc. crackle as well as show the tint. I do understand that it's not possible considering what it is you get. Just shooting an idea out there!
Or about a newborn who had to fight for his life for weeks in the neonatal care, because some visiting relative had forced a pinch of sugar into his mouth which had some bacteria?
2 Tbsp. cornstarch
1 Astronomy Domine
The Esk river is more of a stream than a river here and, for quite a lot of its length, takes the form of pleasantly rocky bathing pools linked by waterfalls. Next time I visit I'll take a towel. As it was, we were restricted to the banks. Much to our amazement -and amusement- as we walked up the valley, we kept running into a group of four young men dressed in helmets, T shirts and wetsuits who were swimming, gill-scrambling and tombstoning their way up the river. They were good-natured lot. They had something of a "Three Men in a Boat" aura about them (well, four in this case, and no boat) that made one feel as good to be alive as they evidently did. It's easy to be a Jeremiah where tombstoning is concerned. The Jeremiahs in this case may be right: speaking for myself, I definitely lack the nerve for it, and don't relish the idea of swapping in a split second a life spent swimming in rivers for one spent in a wheelchair. If nothing else though, these guys certainly made a good case for the importance of having fun.
Dutch Crunch Topping: 15 minutes active time, 15 minutes passive time
A decision by the new owners of Cooley Distillery not to supply whiskey to independent operators has been slammed as "anti-competitive" by Slane Castle owner Lord Henry Mountcharles.
roll out into a rectangle (about 10x12)
Supposedly, the movie will do more than just scare the pants off of you. Scott has stated that the film explores the creation and beginning of humanity. While I already have my opinions on the matter of creation (ones that I may share someday if any interest is shown) and it is very doubtful that my opinions will be swayed, it should be interesting to see what concepts are brought forth in the movie.
Actor, Sp: Joanne Woodward
I am looking so forward to tomorrow as all of my sons will be here for dinner. We are having a wonderful tri-tip and garlic potatoes. YUM..... I am sure we will spend time in conversation "discussing" all the "mistakes" they all endured through their childhoods, haha, and the hopefully the joys as well.
Wow, so that all leads up to the check out. The single worst moment for a child in life. I remember, it was the worst. And of course the stores do a great job at making sure they make it a living nightmare for any parent in this situation. Will all the snacks in grabbing distance, and not enough room to fit all the groceries in the baggage carousel. What could be a 5 minute process turns into a 15 minute process. Then to top it all off watching your oldest slap your youngest in the face for fun, and having other people around watching you. What do you do? Do you slap him back? Not in 2011… Jail doesn’t seem like a good option to me. So you take him out and you hold his hand tight enough so he can’t escape. Well guess what your child will almost always make you feel like an abusive parent. Dad your hurtinn me…. let go… your hurtinn me. Even though you know the only reason it hurts them is because they are trying to escape to run to whatever mischief they can get into.
Last time at 10 weeks almost 11 weeks I went into the ER with heavy bright red bleeding. I was freaking out thinking I had lost the baby and when I had an ultrasound done I was so relieved that baby was still in there moving all over the place. I was told I had a threatened miscarriage. I was discharged and went on like normal, wasn't put on any kind of bed rest, the next day i went to work and took and advancement exam.
09 - Dreams I'll Never See 08:42
$998.00 + Shipping
depress me.
Brew Day Photos:
The word Church comes from the greek word Ekklesia, which means “assembly” or “gathering”. In Acts the original name for what is now the Church was The Way. But as the people of God, eventually called “Christians”, (“little Christ’s) began to gather daily and weekly, they referred to their gathering as a church (Makes sense). Eventually “church” replaced the title “The Way”. And now Church means much more than “gathering” It means an institution, a building, a place, a group. It doesn’t help to deconstruct the word and make our own definition. We can roll with today’s vernacular. But just know that when the coming Keene Church hears the word Church my hope as that Church’s pastor is that they will think first and foremost of the gathered people of God for the purpose of worship, whether they gather in Small Groups (House Church) or as a large Sunday Morning Gathering, not a building or an institution. My hope also is that their defininition of church doesn’t go beyond the fellow believers with whome they gather. So that as the individual House Churches gather throughout the week are part of one church, so individual gatherings that gather in Christ on Sunday Morning are part of the one greater Church of Keene, which are part of the one greater church of the whole world. Every believer is a brother or sister. Christ has one bride. She is called the Church. And she loves to gather in the name of Jesus Christ.
Reviewer: Christopher Wadlow (Professor of Law, UEA Law School, University of East Anglia, Norwich, England)
If this had happened 2 days earlier, we probably would have all driven up to Nebraska with my parents straight from Tennessee. The kids are sad, but they all (except the youngest two) got to visit her within the past few weeks during their visit.
Whatever you think the ‘truth’ may be. Whatever you believe the ‘situation’ to be. These things are just the constructs of your mind. Your perceived reality.
Speaking of doing things now and not waiting, I went mountain biking for the first time this month... what have I been waiting for?? This picture is me at the top of a big hill (at over 8000 ft above sea level no less)!
I love peaceful mornings of the weekend. No kids fighting over who gets to bathe first, no need to check out kids not forgetting to bring their homeworks or projects, no need to prepare kids' lunch boxes in such a hurry...
Any yes...I can't forget my moose!! I attended a seminar given by Anchorage, AK Chamber of Commerce. He is a thank you gift for attending.
Spellman Files series by Lisa Lutz--read 3 out of 5 (series ongoing?) A woman named Isabel deals with her family of San Francisco private investigators.
There are always ghosts in Savannah but this time of year is perfect for a ghost tour. Pick your poison: go on a walking tour, a haunted trolley, in a hearse and if you're really brave, go on the All Hallows Eve Paranormal Hunt of the Dead tour.
The Snorers Wife will lie in the darkness and wonder if perhaps the couch may not be a better option, sure she'll be cold and wake up with a crink in her neck which will require fifty or more visits to the chiropractor to sort out, but really, what price does one put on a good nights sleep ?
I don’t know how well I fulfilled this requirement:
1 unmarried
All the beers were exemplary but two must be given special mention as the stand out beers of the evening. The Kernel Saison was an outstanding representation of this style of beer with a big, big nose full of fresh, sweet summer citrus notes of oranges, tangerines, clementines and lemon zest with Belgian yeasty breadiness, super smooth mouthfeel and a dryish fruity finish. It was lovely. I hear the bottle version is even better than the keg. I made a point of picking up a couple of bottles of the Saison to check out that theory. I look forward to letting you know.
Let me introduce you to the Filarial Worm (Wuchereria bancrofti). These worms are tiny, round, thread-like parasites that travel from human to human via the mosquito, the buzzing, flitting insect angel of death and pestilence.
Last Friday my mom and I went shopping. Lets just say I scored in the shoe department. :) We went to a thrift store and I got some awesome looking shoes. They are so comfortable and they were $5 + 50% off = $2.50!!! The nude heels we found at JCPenny's. I had been looking for shoes like them for my brothers wedding in July. :) I got the sandals from Payless and they are amazingly comfortable. I think it was a very successful trip. :)
there for too long. Because
The kitchen was by now firing up and the smells were lovely. Unfortunately, I only had money enough for beer and could only watch the plates of delicious looking meats and vegetables pass me by. I could have perhaps asked the midget in the kitchen if I could have a 'little something', off the books. He may not be able to see what he's cooking, but what he cooks turns out pretty good.
3. book keeping (I own a business people, this is no joke!)
“Why don’t we follow each subject as she goes about her daily life? That way
Five lame-ass zings
If everyone started their day with yoga — even for just 10 minutes — there would be less car accidents, less stress, less misunderstandings and less disappointments. There would be more positivity, more productivity and certainly much more love!
No..... they're not Gudrun, leather with spiffy flowers..... but price $0.00. Satisfaction of renewing something old into something new and fun..... priceless (well, maybe not priceless... but it sure beats spending $190.00!).
Hurricane Katrina tossed the ideal right out the window. In addition to suffering a tremendous family disappointment, we are facing insurance and other hassles, worrying about money, living in somebody else’s house, sharing said house with 8 members of our extended family (for a total of twelve people), trying to find what we need in an unfamiliar town, and feeling completely removed from the resources we usually rely on. Add into that our concern for our relatives and other residents of the Gulf coast who’ve lost so much more than we have, and I’m sure you can see that we are unschooling in less than ideal circumstances right now.
Well you can do anything but lay off of my blue suede shoes”…
Not all of the changes will be immediately apparent to BlackBerry users — in fact, one such improvement is meant to be all but invisible to people pecking out their day’s messages. Bhardwaj revealed to us that there is in essence a second, invisible keyboard that conforms over time to how a user types.
What occurred recently was that I received a request from the the BNP asking permission to re-publish some of my previous articles. As it has always been my policy to allow any Nationalist site to use my work if it furthers the Nationalist cause, I agreed to their request.
The new dual action DC plug is composed of a dual car charger splitter that allows you to power 2 mobile phones all at the same time in your car. All you need to do is plug the power adapter into your power socket and it’s set and ready to use. This is truly beneficial if you have more than 1 mobile phone in your car.
By hosting a KaBOOM! Play Day, you will not only ensure children in your community get out and play for an afternoon, but you can help make your local park or playground an inviting place, where families can spend time together for years to come. — Your friends a KaBoom!
Others like steps.
After considering her strengths she decided not to continue.
But when evening comes around and it's time to
The good news is that NJFL is willing to let middle school kids earn college points by converting 10% of it to NFL points. For example, 100 NJFL points = 10 NFL college points.
At all of the scientific evidence surely mounting
5.) If you find a tradition that you trust, generally speaking you can trust its initiates, which is important because you don’t have to vet them. You’re not walking into a situation with someone that you don’t know at all. It essentially gives you a qualified clergy. In Paganism, we don’t have a central authority. For example, in the Catholic world, the Pope is the head of the church and oversees all church issues. If something is going wrong (technically speaking), the pope has dominion over dealing with it. In Paganism, you don’t really have that, so how can you figure out if a priest or priestess is a good one? This is not to say that bad apples don’t pop up, but…it’s at least a little less likely.
This time it's different, though. These people are experts.
“They only live if you do eat them? Your sons, the Skittles?”
that you are back
I get a lot out of the social side of tango. Once, for a brief period, I even got a personal enemy, the only one I've ever had as far as I'm aware. Since all I had done to offend her was get invited somewhere because I danced relatively well, I treasured her. The look she gave me that said "what are you doing here?" was pure gold, and if am fortunate enough to keep my faculties, it will give me joy, moral and social instruction, and innocent amusement to the day I die. (Her attempt at revenge was successful as far as it went, but so lacking in ambition that I really couldn't grudge it.)
This is not about race. This is not about a white on black crime. This is not about the epidemic of black on black or Latino on Latino or White on White crime. This is simply a matter of whether or not justice was served. Did the Sanford police insure that justice was served?
Before we announce the Ninth challenge we need to announce the winner of the Eight challenge "Ribbon and Lace"
Besides being written with rapier wit and impeccable detail, the author also gives solutions for the ciphers Enola faces so that the reader can solve along with her. I know, I know, I ought to have gotten over the thrill of that sort of book back in fifth grade, but honestly, once you've gotten a taste of the detective life, you can never go back to the same dry "and then he solved the case" texts again.
-rw-r–r– 1 root root 3074 Aug 18 2004 system.prev
“If not you, no one,” the magician answered. “You are my last chance.” “
If we use electric vehicle oil use will reduce. Oil companies don’t like this. They are lobbying against any research and use of better technologies.
The Jurkis Bill as it’s known is a multi-pronged approach to revamping the state’s public toilets and changing the way citizens move their bowels outside their homes. Research and development plays a major part in the public-porcelain proposal. High up on the Jurkis hit list are disposable toilet seat covers. The bill describes the current paper variety as “highly inefficient, downright dangerous and goddammed disgusting.” Jurkis’ street team has helped induce a groundswell of discontent over Kimberly Clark’s staple product. An anonymous Circle K shopper sounded off on the effectiveness of the veil-thin potty rings, “What the hell is that thing made of, anyway? That’s the same crap my wife uses to stuff gift bags with! My kid traces comics through that same shit. Paper don’t stop no damned syphilis! Hell, I could go outside and rig me up a wreath from twigs and leaves, sit on the damned thing and feel more safer-er!”
Self confidence. Friendship. Support. Encouragement. Community.
Ever year the Girls from Neptune doll club do a Christmas Swap this year Stephanie picked up tiny Bear kits from AC moore .I think they were all of a buck fifty
I love this season of the biggest loser because they are going by the theme of no excuses. They tackle every excuse. The biggest one I hear is, I dont have time. Guess what? No, you dont. You wont have anytime left if you dont start moving, today. I have a dear friend, Karin, who is a working mom of 2, who's lost well over 100lbs ON HER OWN. Amy, is another, working mom, who has lost over 75lbs. Go make the time to get healthy, and fight for MORE time with your loved ones.
Don't do this. It sounds like one of those wretched campaign ads "My name is Grover Cleveland and I approved this ad" Just sign your name and your contact info at the bottom of the email.
“Did you bring the note?” came a voice from the darkness.
A quick and dirty post about a quick and dirty recipe.
The purpose of the Church is not to create healthy civilizations, nor does the Church exist to be yet one more outlet of good feelings and neuroses. The Church is that place where God is being reconciled to man, and man to God. It is that place where all things are being gathered together in one in Christ Jesus. It is the ecclesia, the Divine Community of the Body of Christ, in which we may be made whole and in which the truth of our existence can be made manifest.
(Henry Holt and Company)
the ex-hustlers- iago's coat; stella in need
199 4. “Law and Literature and Common Sense.” Book Review: Robert E. Rodes, Jr., Law and Literature (Notre Dame, Indiana: 1986). Review of Politics, vol. 48, pp. 472-76 (Summer 1986).
Oh, and did I mention that my parents are flying in tomorrow morning to watch Addie while we're at the hospital and help around the house for a few days? Yeah, they are.
the planet supports only me,
Totally delirious in my feverish condition, I made it to morning, no closer to a Key West sunset than I was the day before.
After two weeks of eating with the suggested menus, we came to a stage of what the program called a “cheat-day period”. In these 3-day cheat period, we were allowed to eat any food we wish (no more suggested menus from the program) even junk food!
Last year we got rides to and from the shuttle pick-up point thanks to the kindness of strangers. This year, too. Show cowboy John Hustead gave us a ride there in his pickup truck and Agua Dulce residents Paul and Carrie Riley gave us a lift back. Thanks, kind strangers who are now friends!
Satan is very close to his goal. And that brings up the whole issue if it is possible to actually clone a beer. Can I--as a mediocre homebrewer with improvised equipment, a different procedure and different grains--actually clone a beer? As much as I like The Jamil Show on the the brewing network, I have to say no. I might get close. Very close, in fact. But it won't be the same beer.
But this will come after the dancing in the streets.
I dip all my eggs in Ghirardelli chocolate that I buy in disk shapes that I find at my local candy supply store.
It's been a while since I did a REAL post. That's because I've been crazy around here getting ready to get into my new space at The Modern Cottage Company's Vintage Market. SO crazy!
From Bluff: Travel west on hwy 191 (this road becomes hwy 163 about 4 miles west of Bluff) for about 5 miles and turn right (north) onto Co Rd 262 (Butler Wash Rd) After passing through a gate near the highway, drive 1 mile and then turn left (west) onto a single track road. You can park here or continue on .2 miles to a parking area at the rim of the canyon.
In the second part of Chapter Seven, Romney discusses in-depth his plan to force-down medical costs, something that he notes was beyond the scope of the Mass plan. Romney describes some popular proposals – electronic records, on-line reporting re: prices and quality (so-called transparency), and malpractice reform – but concludes that they are not enough. Real change will require bringing the free-market to health care. Currently, health care has a multitude of incentives for over-treatment or over-use (he refers to the New Yorker article comparing costs and treatment in El Paso vs. McAllen), and Romney wants to see incentives (such as co-pays and deductibles) that discourage unnecessary visits and treatments. (Incidentally, this is why ObamaCare is trying to tax Cadillac plans to death, but labor unions deferred the tax until 2018.) Romney wants to shift toward consumer, doctor, and hospital incentives, such as paying doctors for the quality of their work instead of the quantity of their work. Romney is not hopeful re: managed care (HMOs) because top-down controls don’t work like bottom-up incentives.
Now, I would like to present to you my final MMDT card.....A tribute to Priscilla and the team.... I used Priscilla's digi birds and some Martha Stewart punched butterflies to gracefully flutter around this lovely friendship poem that expresses what I feel for my DT sisters and family. I hope you enjoy my creation and that you will consider giving this sketch a try as well. I would love to come visit you and see your interpretation of this week's sketch.
Atwood’s sound is rootsy with a hint of blues, but with a melodic sense that is more contemporary. Atwood studied classical guitar at the San Francisco Conservatory and has been called gregarious and open with a powerful voice contrasted yet complimented by his instrument of choice, guitar, resonator guitar or piano. Rare is it that we find an artist who can deliver this type of emotionality. His writing and his persona seem to come from a soul that is old; making it so when you look at this talented young artist, it makes you wonder if he hasn’t experienced a previous life. Atwood is a Damariscotta, Maine native who migrated south to explore the music that inspired him. He now resides in Asheville, NC and finds the area supportive and inspirational for him as a songwriter.
in the Zumba disc and play it on the Wii. It's been
It can be tempting as writers to start wanting to turn things into a crusade. You think that you need to improve your concentration and go on a huge trawl for any and all techniques to do so. Yet in doing this you are actually turning it into a mission. This can work but sometimes it’s better just to keep the changes to a minimum. Tell yourself you’re just going to get a puzzle book and do the odd one from time to time and you’ve done something to improve your concentration without it become a dominant direction in your mindset.
the heart of God.
Anyway, the sheet this month was all about perseverance. I made a joke with myself as I rode saying Sir Perservance, which reminded me of Sir Percivil from Bob the Builder, and PerSERVEance, which I tried to make into something meaningful, but I couldn’t manage. One of the questions on this worksheet was:
The overview of the "Visitor" tab tells you the total number of visitors over a period of one month, however if you look closer there is so much more to see. Absolute Unique visitors are the total number of first time visits which are calculated as a percentage of the total. In the case of my hypothetical blog there are 733 visits (total) and 344 Unique; this equates to 41.4% new visits for the period. The visitor to this blog spent on average of 3.42 minutes on the site (reading) and 2.19 average page views. What this tells the Blogger is that their subject matter is interesting enough for the visitor to continue beyond the landing page. In this example there are 1608 total page views. The number that is the best indicator over time is the number of Unique Visitors because as that number increases (and bounce rate decreases) it tells the author that their blog is becoming increasingly more popular. If the average minutes on the site increases the bounce rate will decrease correspondingly.
Natalya won second prize in the Houston Grand Opera's Eleanor McCollum Competition earlier this year, and although there's no video from last night's Ferrier final, there is a sample from Houston: 'Comè scoglio' from Così fan tutte, no small order for any soprano at any time. Brava, Natalya! We look forward to loving your voice for many happy years.
05. The Brave
sometimes i wonder. i don't think i'm very normal. to me it makes absolute and perfect sense. but i can see the looks of confused and worried faces of the kind souls reading this blog. i can feel their pity. and i can sense their pleas for the words to say. i don't remember what it was like to feel normal. i don't even know what is normal.
This super easy and cute organizer is so simple - and you can make it any style, shape, size that suits your needs. I made this cover for the Frosted Designs challenge o use a transparency on your project. I hope you can head on over and take a look!!
I shall build up my strength in union with The Lord and by means of His mighty power, putting on all the armour that God has given me, so that I will be able to stand up against the devil’s evil tricks. So I stand ready, with Truth as a belt right round my waist, with Righteousness as my breastplate, and as my shoes the readiness to announce the Good News of Peace. At all times carrying Faith as a shield; for with it I will be able to put out all the burning arrows shot by the evil one. And I shall accept Salvation as a helmet, and the Word of God as the sword which The Spirit has given me, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Here's the first, a frame that I made using some of the powders and one of my fav techniques...
The heightened focus on psychedelics can be attributed to contemporary research which validates the therapeutic benefits of administering psychedelic drugs in unison with psychotherapy, when other conventional treatments fail. Further support of psychedelics has been garnered because of transparency and applied ethical standards to the research methods being used.
Not in a million years would I, could I have foreseen this ability and the way it provides for every need of my life. Both financially and emotionally!
Although the year has had some low points, there have been really special times too. Like photographing some of the spring festivals in the Dandenong Ranges, near Melbourne, Victoria. Adding colour to my life was certainly uplifting. I particularly enjoyed tip toeing through the tulips and eating my way through a scrumptious plate of little Dutch pancakes.
–Character creation is meh – all characters look too “pretty”.
counterpart. Plateau State’s
Habby Anniversary, Ya'all!
Now, today, May 4, 2012, we have The Avengers in theaters – Iron Man, Hulk (played by another of my favorites, Mark Ruffalo), Thor, Captain America, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner).
Back to the song. I'm a huge XTC fan. I think they were one of the greatest groups to not only step out of Swindon but from anywhere on the planet. It would seem we now have to use the past tense when talking about them as Andy and Colin definitely appear to have fallen out for good. It's a shame but they made some brilliant music along the way. Having said all of that, I very nearly posted Tricky's version of 'Dear God', which can be found on his album, Vulnerable (2003). The Bristol boy really brings yet another dimension to the song, with vocals by Costanza accompanying the Trickster's regular growl and wheeze. Oh alright, here it is:
Sacrifices for an oblivious, unblinking pair of eyes
Jon Lee & Gerry Brown for Keytone from 1973.
Bring water to a boil. Add the eggs and bring back to a boil. Once the water is boiling, reduce it to a simmer. Cook for a total of five minutes for large eggs. Remove eggs from the pot and add to ice cold water. Once the eggs are cool enough to hold, crack open with a knife, and scoop the egg out of the shell. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.
I did a test exercise last week, putting the same post simultaneously into the blog and into Google Plus. This was a couple of days after Google announced its algorithm change and it is perhaps premature to expect it to compete with a blog stuffed full of eDiscovery related keywords with five years’ worth of indexed content. The test piece was headed Guidance Software Webinar – Migrating to the Cloud: Navigating the eDiscovery Challenges. When I last looked (using Google.com) for the search string guidance software cloud webinar the top two hits were from Guidance’s sites, my blog entry was third and the Google+ post was nowhere. As at today, my blog post is top and the Google Plus post is the second entry on page 2.
All my patterns include full size pattern pieces and following my Sew Little Fabric motto, I make sure to not over estimate fabric! I hope you love them as much as I do!
So I answer the phone, and of course the more I need to write the more trivial the call will be - and the harder it will be to get the caller off the phone and me back into the Zone.
I found Eddy on the Australian MonkeyGarage forum where he had posted pictures of the actual built, explaining how he modified the frame, made his own seat, custom handlebars and exhaustpipe using oddball parts like old bicycle handlebars..
I have been busy doing what I love, being with my Friends and Family, Home Brewing, #gents, Disc Golf and sneaking in a full work week between it all. Needless to say I have ignored the Blog. I will be posting up so new recipes and beer reviews.
The wild-card character must be the last character in the App ID string. Example App IDs for this situation could be: R2T24EVAEE.com.domainname.* or R2T24EVAEE.*
Legend of the blues Pete Frampton teams up with his Escape Committee and returns to the Full Moon with a bunch of rock/blues tones and the ability to make a guitar sing like no other. Entry is free before 9:30pm and £2 thereafter.
Has your partner ever stolen from you? Or run up debts for you to handle?
The Council of the American Association for the Advancement of Science has thought it advisable to take formal steps upon this matter, in order that there may be no ground for misunderstanding of the attitude of this Association, which is one of the largest scientific bodies in the world, with a membership of more than 11,000 persons, including the American authorities in all branches of science. The following statements represent the position of the Council with regard to the theory of evolution.
My last patient turned out to be the most interesting. She was 90 year old woman whose health had been declining over the past month. She came to us for severe abdominal pain. Her blood pressure was low and her heart rate was high indicating a severe infection and or dehydration. I decided to put in an IV and gave her a liter of saline plus IV antibiotics to cover a urinary infection. We rechecked her blood pressure and heart rat after the treatment and it had normalized. I think there may have been something more serious going on but I did not have all the resources I needed to make the diagnosis. Fortunately, that does not happen to often.
Enter Bjorn Lomborg. Lomborg is not a denier, but he is a denialist hero, because he gave them their one really strong argument for doing nothing or next to nothing. Global warming is happening, he says, and it’s a problem, but it’s not a BIG problem and certainly not so big that we have to ditch our way of life. The reason this is a strong argument is that it doesn’t make the mistake of denying the science — futile, as Lomborg knows and as I hope you do by now — it just says that the outcome may not be that bad. Scientists can’t say he’s wrong because the future of a complex system — climate combined with human civilisation — is inherently unpredictable.
On the whole I have felt pretty good, excepting a very painful knee on Wednesday night which meant no running then.
Krewe of Iris: The oldest and biggest all-female krewe in New Orleans proper, originated in 1917, and parading since 1959.
Are you tired of trying diets that don't work. You get the weight off but as soon as you get done doing it you put the weight back on. With Herbalife you start these products to lose weight and gain energy but after you hit your goal weight (which you will with consistency) you will want to continue because they make you feel that good.
Iron Lion
In Canada, the Indian Act (passed in 1876) governs who is officially a native and who is not. Whereas most native tribes are matrilineal, until recently, the Canadian government considered only whether the father is native in determining a person’s status.
I always see them at over 6000yen in used shops even they are super seedy.. !
“And we know that God causes all things to work together for good to those who love God, to those who are called according to His purpose.
But for me and the very non-agrarian pursuits I have intended for my old Harley Springer, the sign I’ve been waiting for is that lone cypress tree’s leaves.
Just integrate these two pics… (OK, I know that first pic tells everything, but in second pic Prince’s glare is totally like G-Dragon’s. And in first one, Prince’s expression is the same as G-Dragon’s. So just integreate these too) And…is it just me or Prince and G-Dragon is the same person? XDDDDD Ok, LOL. XDDD But this is really strange. O_O
I have decisions to make, then, along the way. Should I listen and learn from people with more skills, more experience, more credentials? Of course. Should I be grateful for what I learn from them? Most definitely. I am grateful. It's always better to be more informed. But should I then obediently follow all their advice?
"Good luck to you", I said. "And you know what, right here, right now, you've made your start."
Research showed that there was too much iron in the water. People throw coins in the water to help the hothouses financially. Euro coins, which replaced earlier Dutch coins, of 5, 2 and 1 cents have copper and steel. In water, these coins rust.
Those that go searching for love, only manifest their own lovelessness. And the loveless never find love, only the loving find love. And they never have to seek for it.
Advice: An acupuncturist told me that this film can be removed by sloshing 2 tablespoons of cold-pressed olive oil in your mouth for 10-15 minutes (don’t swallow, whatever you do), then spitting it out into the toilet — not the sink, for you just removed toxins from your body and don’t want them in the sink. Brush your teeth and do the same. Then clean your brush. (Sorry this is yukky, but it works.)
It appears that the Sun is trying to whitewash the effects of it own campaigns. Why though? The Sun demanded an action and it was done. Surely the Sun would want people to know how much it influences government policy?
Corn flour and water mixture to thicken the gravy
To do this we are going to: first, define Spiritual Disciplines; second, look at a how they are often misused; and third, talk about how we should appropriately use them.
today that have caught my eye.
“Now that the Obama administration has appointed a majority of the members of the National Labor Relations Board, the NLRB leadership has imposed new requirements that employers supply union organizers with the names and home addresses of every employee. Nor do employees have a right to decline to have this personal information given out to union organizers, under NLRB rules.”
Alright, that’s what I’ve got this week. What’re you up to?
Just keep in mind what it that creating and do your best to add a theme to show consistency so there’s little feelings of clutter and mess and that’ll polish any artwork off with a tad more professionalism. Once you do that, the content of the artwork is entirely up to you. As stated earlier, I’m using a thought bubble and clouds to give my art piece a theme of “thought” and that’s how my work will keep consistent and professional. As much as I just go and do things on this paper, I don’t go too far off on a tangent or people will miss the point entirely.
it seems more real since finding out he's a boy. like there's more to lose.
If it can shine with someone’s love
To some extent, I understand that. He doesn’t want to be known to the public as an “atheist scientist” (like Richard Dawkins). He wants to be known as a scientist, period. There’s a huge advantage to that.
To me, being wealthy is not about HAVING lots of things, but about being in a position to DO lots of things.
In the Man-Made Global Warming scare, it is alleged that man-made industrial emissions of carbon dioxide are increasingly trapping heat, which would otherwise escape from our atmosphere, thus causing global warming. It is further believed that this increasing carbon dioxide level will reach a tipping point where the world will heat up to the point that life will no longer be sustainable on the planet.
System Memory (RAM) 4GB
I bought a festival tshirt that had the lineup (including my name) printed on the back. I spent the rest of the night trying to show people my name, on my back, in tiny writing, whilst attempting to stand still. #fail
Momo gave Aidan a really cute electronic toy cash register, and Aidan´s loving ringing up our grocery orders and giving us our bags of food.
I didn’t have the heart or the desire to place it back and continue eating.
To the closet!
No really though, this game is pretty brutal. I just now got back into this amazing game, from playing too much Blazblue, I was a bit rusty. Pfft. But anyways, I’m just here to give you some strategics. First, I would like to talk about scorpion. He’s very beginner friendly, but can be the hardest charcter to use because of all of the features they present with Scorpion.
Addison didn’t have time to make another move, her eyes quickly turning from the door Zak disappeared into and toward a demon running down the aisle towards her. His arms were held out slightly to his sides, his mouth open wide as a few foreign words slipped off his tongue.
Mr. Quiet, who was well-known but lightly regarded inside the ad industry, suddenly achieved great fame. As the president and chief creative officer of the agency that produced the brilliant Super Bowl spot, he went on to achieve godlike status.
In 1968 Enoch Powell said we must be 'mad, literally mad' for permitting the influx of foreign nationals into our country.
Him: Ok, Faith, go entertain the puppy.
King is of the view that the taxes paid by the extraordinarily rich are not in proportion to their good fortune, which he regards as an inequality of the system. King himself is a generous charitable giver to causes which genuinely help people.
We have an easy going routine that I lead and they follow of dinner, clean up time, brushing teeth and then a movie or books. They don't always fall asleep in the same place (couch or recliner or my bed or theirs) or in the same way (in front of a movie, after reading books I sing, or we all just lay down) or at the same time (I shoot for somewhere between 8 and 10 depending on whether or not D is home for me to spend time with him, how tired I am, how badly I want to be alone, whether or not L got a nap, how tired they are acting), but it works. Falling asleep is almost always a happy, relaxed time.
'Yes, but you MEANT IT,' said I, regaining a tiny momentum of Strop again.
Griggsby’s Station
PREMIUM FEATURES
The fourth book brings on a whole new story line as the wizard cup is being fought for by professionals and students. Reading this book the first time I was enthralled. For one there was so much detail and I was amazed. It was the longest book so far (next book even longer) and it kept me reading throughout.
I love you more than words can express, Momma.
Tom Parker has kept on making arrangements and playing for a lot of artists like Gerry Rafferty, Tim Rose, Chris White and a hundred more. Life is a lottery.
Their latest attack on kin selection is a big paper in the new Nature by Wilson, Martin Nowak and Corina Tarnita, all from Harvard. They begin by arguing that the classical argument for insect eusociality (cooperatively breeding societies in which “castes” of individuals, like the workers in bees, are sterile and help the queen produce offspring)—an argument based on asymmetrical relatedness—is wrong. This failure to explain eusociality, they claim, is a severe blow to kin-selection theory.
Andrew
one day. See, I'm not really sure if there's a a lot of
I’m not sure when I’ll get back to regular blogging and when I do, there may be a few changes. They do say a change is as good as a holiday, don’t they, and I’m all for holidays. Bring ‘em on!
"You won't miss me much?"
“Our performance at Barcelona during winter testing looked promising – but the form of the season is still very hard to read, so it’s difficult to predict who’ll be at the front next weekend.
After a while of testing, it became apparent that the only way to make sure a product was to use very high quality water, and grains in our ingredient. The second thing we then did was distill it 4 times to remove any natural impurities that may appear from the distilling process and then we filtered it a total of 7 times. Many people think the number of times you distill the vodka is the most important thing. While it is important, filtration is also very important and of course the quality of your water.
It turns out what I would have written has already been covered and probably better than I could have done,. so keep the good work, people are listening,
Works Consulted
Right until the long path ends.
In The Taste of Others (2000), a businessman falls in love with an actress, but they find it hard to adapt to each other’s milieux. Look at Me (2004) was about how power and success corrupt not only an individual, but his entourage.
New Toyz When My Momma Won A Card Game (My mom is Mel Gibson from Maverick?)
About that time her mother comes out of the Garage and says
Finally, make yourself available and watch for what happens. It may happen tomorrow, it might happen six months or years from now. You never know with God. But what I do know is that something will happen if each of us were moved by God’s Holy Spirit to pray for our neighbors, friends, family members and co-workers.
The fact is that I can see English script and often, can guess the original writer, began life by learning Chinese ideograms. A tell-tale sign: there is a certain consistent neatness in English handwriting. Or the fact, like a lot of Asians raised on home-Chinese cooking, we enjoy steamed fish in a bit of soy sauce, ginger root slices, green onions and oil. To us, that’s highlighting quality fresh whole fish. However a lot of non-Asians just see thjs steamed fish dish, as a boring, less dynamic dish.
ginger garlic paste 1 1/2 tsp
On this one year anniversary of the worst devastation Alabama has ever known, let me say I am beaming with pride to claim both Alabama and California as my home. I proudly display my Southern roots like a badge of honor as I journey through my Hollywood life. Today I salute you both!
Lupus further discriminates because it is two to three times more prevalent among women of color — African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, Asians, Native Americans, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders — than among Caucasian women. However, despite its bias toward women, and especially women of color, when men develop lupus, their disease can be more severe and organ threatening than lupus in female lupus patients.
The Upsetters - Feelings Version
Because everyone should have a smoky eye in their arsenal, and you can do it with any color. Keeping color off of the bottom lashline keeps it from going over the top (and honestly, I hate lining the lower lashline). Not sure why the photo looks extra greenish, sorry!
"Heaven! I'm in heaven," sings Fred to Ginger. And when we watch them move, so are we.
The book consists of transcripts of informal talks with those who come to ask him questions. In one of these talks, he relates his life story, including the events leading up to and comprising what he calls his “calamity,” or his entry into the natural state. Since his own experience of coming into the natural state at age 49, he has spent his time traveling throughout the world, staying with friends or in rented apartments for a few months at a time. He gives no public talks, but meets with people who come to see him.
THE ADDICTION
It drinks modestly of autumn rains,
It's so easy to be blinded by that jealousy, to wonder why so-and-so got the Big Fancy Deal and you didn't. Unfortunately, there's no real answer, just like there was no reason my cousins "deserved" a Power Wheels more than my brother and me. They just got one. And we didn't. That's it. Looking back, I know that said nothing about my value as a child, even though back then it felt like it did.
Battle.
If you are not a fan of vegetarian food, you just haven’t had any good vegetarian food yet. For all of you out there sneering at the idea of eating tofu or jeering at the thought of an entree that doesn’t bleed, lower those noses! Good vegetarian food is hearty and savory. In fact, I challenge you to think of how many things you eat regularly that are already vegetarian. I bet you would be surprised. I like to tout eating vegetarian at least one day a week, mainly because Americans eat WAY more meat than we need or should. Not only does this have implications for our own culture and way of life, but also for the rest of the world. If you don’t believe me, just read some Michael Pollan. But if you don’t care about that, eating vegetarian once or twice a week can also help your health.
….Donghae-ah.. please take me with you..”
At the risk of being branded immoral and unchristian, it’s now time to open the closet doors with a few more frank Christian sexual and single discussions. There is no denying that I find sexuality very interesting. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that anything surrounding sex is kept an open secret for may centuries. Take for instance, old hollywood would depict married people sleeping in separate twin beds. Male doctors would masturbate women (invention of vibrators) to cure female psychological illnesses while at the same time denounced female sexuality and orgasm. Back in the day, people had scores of children to increase the survival rate of their families but young girls and guys would be married without knowing where to put what. The current day religions and conservative countries that chastise anything sexual tend to sanction men having multiple wives (or lovers) with numerous children. In a recent news report from the middle east, there is an ongoing fight to make sure women do not drive cars because the upstanding men thought if they did, then it would allow women to have more illicit sexual opportunity (interestingly the report did not mention that the ‘council’ was worried about the other half of the sexual equation-the men)…bla bla bla. As I said, an open secret.
1.Sweden 307
The Usual Suspects
Sex with animals was banned until 1969, when the animal protection law was introduced, but failed to include a specific ban on zoophilia, the Frankfurter Rundschau said.
The bad news is he really has fucked up big time. You know that's the case when even the Americans are looking across the pond tutting and shaking their heads.
A longer description of the factual background appears on the IPKat this morning, here. This post focuses on what the Court of Appeal said about the Court of Justice of the European Union ruling in Case C-5/08 Infopaq, which has caused a good deal of consternation in copyright circles of late. The question before the Court of Appeal at this juncture was whether a headline could be protected by copyright as an original literary work. Said the Court:
An interest in antique weaponry and a forgotten tradition of western hand-t0-hand combat led science fiction author Greg Bear to the theme and story line of the Mongoliad project. On the way, he and his partners developed PULP, the “Personal Ubiquitous Literary Platform.” PULP is is billed as connected publishing, and in their keynote session, Bear and Stephenson contended that content as service is the only viable business model when piracy is ubiquitous: “create an experience that can’t be pirated.”
Everton 4/7(PP), Draw 3/1(Bwin), Blackburn 6/1(PP)
2. rub minced garlic on salmon
2) NOTE TO OKLAHOMANS:
Eden Creamer
A couple of minutes in, I noticed some hard stuff under my fingertips. It was sort of hard white pieces. I'm not certain, but I am guessing these are "impurities"? When my arms finally started to get tired (around the 20 minute mark) I decided I might as well move on to the next step although I was REALLY enjoying my facial massage!
"Forestfloor 2" see Rehburg's industrial machinery take on a more rhythmic nature (almost sounding like mechanical frogs or boars). Sonically similar to the first track (and the two after this one), it distinguishes itself by having a feeling of malice and menace to it (as opposed to the foreboding nature of the first track). The mid-range guitars are also pushed much further back in the mix, as opposed to being very noticeable in the first track. Less variation on the electronics, though. Thankfully, creepy organic noises are introduced ten minutes in (along with more guitar feedback), saving the song from musical stagnation (although it could be argued that by then it's too little, too late). A break at 11:00 minutes is a nice transition from the previous homogenous cacaphony. Eventually, all that remains is broken riffing and a half-hearted buzzing, as if the song itself is dying from the inside.
09/06/2011 SELL 0.01 usdchf 0.82308
Men's 800 - Abubaker Kaki (SUD) v Yuri Borzakovski (RUS). Borzakovski is a fine kicker but Kaki has been the dominant 800 man the past couple of seasons. Could be an early picture of the final in Berlin.
When my son was younger, he would observe racist outrages, but they would pass, and he was young enough to forget them, such as the racist black female city bus driver who locked the front door of the bus on me, when he was eight.
As for what is On My Plate, it is summer; it is hot. Nobody wants to lock themselves in the kitchen with a blazing oven to make a dessert. Why not perk up purchased ice cream treats with chocolate coating and sprinkles? I don't know if I will ever get to Hundreds and Thousands of posts, but lets treat ourselves to something cool and celebrate our menus with a little life thrown in.
Kate at Centsational Girl can do no wrong, right? Every project and craft she whips up is genius....and I'm especially smitten with her DIY Faux-Bois Vases! Why does she have to live across the country? It makes stalking her so much harder.
- Ends unravel a lot
This is Apple. Thumb to cheek, rotated back and forth. Like the “apple of the cheek” this the Apple one eats and often after the sign of apple one sees a pantomime of picking up an apple and biting into it. I am saying the word “apple” as the photo was snapped.
She laughs brightly. “How about someone who wasn’t a pathological liar and womanizer?”
Remember the definition of leadership we started with, “organizing a group of people to achieve a common goal.” Think about organizing your company around the powerful culture that you believe in and then finding others who hold the same values. Then paint a picture of the amazing vision that you want to achieve with the help of your team. Imagine how powerful and profitable your company will be when a team of like-minded folks are all working to achieve the same goals because they are excited about where they are headed with you.
To make your own puree, slice 1 mango into cubes. The flesh from the seed can be used too. However it has loads of fibre, therefore, try not to slice onto the seed. With a food processor or blender, puree the mango. Sieve it through a sieve and follow further instructions below to make your mango mousse.
Do it for wrights pies
I have no more pleadings left. The Judge will determine whether death is eminent.
In arguing for the benefits of the free market as a means of controlling dissident opinion in the mid-nineteenth century, the Liberal chancellor of the British exchequer, Sir George Lewis, noted that the market would promote those papers “enjoying the preference of the advertising public.” Advertising did, in fact, serve as a powerful mechanism weakening the working-class press. Curran and Seaton give the growth of advertising a status comparable with the increase in capital costs as a factor allowing the market to accomplish what state taxes and harassment failed to do, noting that these “advertisers thus acquired a de facto licensing authority since, without their support, newspapers ceased to be economically viable.”
It doesn't have to be exact because if any of the blue shows, it's going to be gone the first time you wash it, and from a very short distance, you can't even see it.
Within the month, you will be done with college. You will be kicked out of your cozy dorm room and, for the first time in your 22 years on this planet, you will be forced to completely fend for yourself. You will find yourself without the amenities that you have had in college, instead replaced with thousands of dollars of student loan debt, a degree in art history that only qualifies you for a job as a bagboy at the local Piggly Wiggly, and an understanding of the proper way to cook Ramen noodles.
Mix all ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Mix the dressing in another bowl and
What can I cook now that will be easy to freeze and make for easy meals once the baby arrives next month?
I know that the health care system here in France faces issues of how it will continue to pay for all the care, but I really hope this will last. Because it feels amazing when a society takes care of its citizens. When it's seen as a right, not a privilege to receive basic health care.
Ownership : Google, Manufacturers
Singing
The heart of a woman falls back with the night,
You got a real gift, son
i worry that they will spend more energy on being beautiful and getting noticed, hence become more materialistic and self-obsessed than they should be, forgetting the fact that whatever were given naturally, are blessings from Allah SWT.
First, the quality of the content is excellent. The authors have a wonderful ability to distill key ideas concisely without sacrificing depth. Second, the size is right. The chapters are a manageable size and the book isn’t overwhelming. The diversity of content keeps it fresh, while staying relevant to key apologetic topics. Third, it introduces the reader to the key voices on the apologetic landscape. It also provides helpful pointers to key resources for further reading. This is a great place to get started down the right path in dealing with each particular issue. Finally, this book covers the kind of issues that we deal with everyday in conversation, on the internet, and as we grapple with the issues ourselves.
I would guess I drink more Tim Hortons coffee than the average Canadian– and certainly much more than most people I know. I’ve consumed 74 Timmies game cups since the contest started February 20 (with another in hand currently). That’s not counting the occasional Starbucks, the magnificently-bottomless cups at diners, or non-game cups from Tim Hortons (one of my local Timmies ran out of XL cups recently and I’ll be damned if I’m going to drink less coffee just to get a chance at a freebie).
It has now came to light that the SA police have "lost" 20 429 weapons since April 2004.
Currydesu’s compilation shall be up soon. I promiseee~
E@L's eyes are now glazing. It's fascinating, but how is he going to remember all this? The wind is burning cold. Bitter, cold, like an ex-girlfriend. They move into the single shed, quite a few barrels, lots he supposes, but at least, hey out of the wind. There is a dead bird at the doorstep. Gift from a cat?
Personal rights can be compared with real rights. Real rights were created by roman law centuries ago. Real rights are rights in assets. Your ownership of an asset is a real right. But there are others. For example, in Scotland, a tenant holding under a lease has a real right. Or a creditor in a standard security (the technical Scottish term for what punters refer to as mortgages) has a real right. To explain that one, in the example above assume that I loaned Ted money but was worried that Ted wouldn’t pay me back. I could have said to Ted (as banks typically say to people borrowing substantial sums of money from them) – I will not lend you the money unless you give me a right in your house. This right in the house is a standard security. Now, how is that better than a personal right? Well a real right is a right in a specific asset. Thus, if Ted buggers off and sells his house I would still have the security in the house, whoever the new owner was. Additionally, the real rights have priority in the event of the insolvency of the debtor. So if Ted goes bust that has no impact on the real right. It remains as powerful as it was before. If that real right is a security (such as a standard security) the creditor typically has power to sell the asset without having to involve any other creditor, and if the asset is sold during insolvency the real right ensures that the creditor gets first cut when the proceeds of sale are divided out. In summry then being a right in an asset a real right is stronger than a personal right.
LK exchange received from Lisa V
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will”
Thinking of you always,
What do you say when you know that many are stranded in the rubble of buildings just a few blocks away? What do you say when airports are closed, power is down, water is compromised and people are in panic trying to get away to their loved ones? What do you say when you can not be their to offer a solution out and know that she will have to rely on herself and others to make the next move? How do you say it in a text message?
Being a Muchacho of honor, I have decided to finally and officially break it down. I assure you that Titanic’s popularity is only a small reason I hate it.
The councillors’ fiduciary responsibility to this community has been abandoned by thorough incompetence and deception that borders on the criminally fraudulent. This will require direct action by the Minister of Local Government, Nick Smith. There is no getting around this.
18"18" Rives BFK, molding paste, stencil, collograph, water based inks, acrylic, oil pastel and collage.
My original plan was to blog a race report from my first trail race in February. Then it rained/snowed and got postponed since they didn’t want to tear up the trails. I suppose I could have blogged about other things, but my life just isn’t that interesting. I run, I work, I mom, I wife, and I love every second of it. See, now you’re caught up on my life. Oh, and here’s a picture of my kids because they are freaking adorable.
I have been remiss.
They are very revealing.
Moorabbin VIC 3189
And I’m bitter. I wouldn’t be so bitter if his video wasn’t like professionally done. I mean like with an actual sound recorder and video editors and people who know what they’re doing. Also his speech sounded like it was written by the dean of chamberlain or something. It was pretty ridiculous. It felt like a video that a college recruiter would show parents and potential students on why they should come to chamberlain. I’m not bitter because I lost. I’m bitter because it was unfair. If they had chosen an actual student video taped on a cellphone or a digital camera I would have been ok. But this kid had to spend a couple hundred of dollars to have someone make his movie. It even sounded like he had someone write the script. It was just unfair.
This beer has had a bit of a story to tell before it ever made it to Christmas.
and misrule.
Here are a few of the photos that I've been lovin' today.
Looking back at this blog, I realize I have been very guarded in talking about my negative emotions throughout this whole experience. I think mothers have a tendency to feel guilty for even having the slightest negative feeling...let alone putting it out there for the whole world to read about.
Did you ever imagine such reasoning would be considered sound public policy and allowed to stand as the basis for circumventing private property rights?
Another first time trade partner for the Quarry is Edgar from the simple yet aptly named Topps Card Collector's Blog. I sent him a chunk of 1988 Topps and in return I got a small handful of Rockies and the Ricky Romero above which helps with my 2011 Topps Opening Day master set. My favorite Rockie is the Todd Helton which is from the 2007 Topps Wal Mart set and used the 1967 Topps design. I wonder if he will still be with the team when Heritage uses 1967 in four years. Probably not, but we can always hope.
which all you mommies out there know isn't easy when you're 32 weeks pregnant.
History of the Church: A seven-volume work containing the faith-promoting history as seen by nineteenth-century church historians. Not to be taken literally, except in those places where it makes Joseph Smith look good.
OCALA, Fla. — An Ocala woman called 911 and told police that she shot her husband while in their home at the 1200 block of S.E. 19th Street Wednesday night, Marion County investigators said Thursday.
Me: Not, it is spring
I love all the characters really........ yep, even the evil President Snow..... he was spot on. And Peeta? Sigh..... unconditional love, I tell ya..... it's what we all want, right?
The 15-year fixed mortgage averaged 3.07 percent (0.7 point), also below its all-time record low when it was 3.11 percent April 12 of this year. Last week, the 15-year averaged 3.12 percent, and a year ago, it was 3.89 percent.
Do you know the feeling, where every situation looks like a dead-end road, every thought ends in disbelief and despair?
DTGVL’s calendar really revs up in May with a smorgasbord of fun! The merriment begins May 2 with Moonlight Movies. Featuring everything from family favorites like “The Muppet Movie” to nostalgic cinema classics such as “An American in Paris”, everyone from Grandma to the kids will find a film they like. Screenings take place every Wednesday in May around 8PM and due to the construction at The Peace Center, will happen in a new Falls Park location this year. Lawn chairs, blankets and picnics are welcomed (and fun), but like most City-sponsored events, pets are prohibited.
Is how so many people
Get out of your comfort zone and save a life.
Religion is about devotion. Reverence. Worship. Religion can morph into a series of moral checks and the like, but to keep it simple, religion is about these basic concepts. It’s about belief and faith. As a polytheist, my religion is also about the gods.
I do try to go for unusual names, but not very exotic or tongue-twisting ones which can give the readers a verbal paralysis. Indian names by and large are not easy on the tongue. One of my CP’s who is an Indian, went nuts trying to pronounce the difficult names of my characters. Her critique was, “ I loved the first ten pages, but, honey, please go easy on the names. I had an extremely difficult time pronouncing the names.”
Supposed to be good - but is it really?
the world does not revolve around you. we are not the on-board entertainment crew. manners are as important with your family as they are with strangers. private conversations are just that PRIVATE, please don't ask what people are talking about if you happen to overhear anything. if it wasn't immediately repeated at your appearance, then it really doesn't concern you.
06 - Keyboard Solo
18. bb&c - The Veil
–Next on the docket, Texas. Even though I grew up in Houston, I had somehow never traveled to Fort Worth. That is, until I got the chance to write about it. I kind of love this town. For one thing, it’s weird, and weird is lovable. There’s a district call The Stockyards where two times a day, a cattle drive rumbles through the streets. The cattle are actually owned by the Fort Worth Convention Bureau (what other convention bureau can lay claim to a herd?) and the drovers (i.e. those who drive the cattle) are employees of the convention bureau. The point of the whole thing is to pay tribute to Fort Worth’s history as the last watering hole on the Chisholm Trail, before opening up to the wild, wild west. So twice a day, seven days a week, drovers dressed in old-fangled clothes drive the cattle down the cobblestone streets in the middle of this historic district. Also in Fort Worth: Billy Bob’s, the world’s largest honky tonk (and also the first honky tonk I’ve ever done seen). While all of these things are pretty fitting for a Texas town, what surprised me about Fort Worth is its impressive museum district. There are multiple art museums, the Museum of Science and History and even the Cowgirl Hall of Fame, all within walking distance. Just a couple miles away is the lively downtown, where tasty Texas restaurants and darling boutiques make for an entertaining stroll. The travel piece I wrote about Fort Worth will run Luxury Las Vegas magazine, and I’m working on getting it some press elsewhere, as well.
...which might bring us to the inner therapist...caring yet dangerously opinionated, ever groping toward that celebrated inner child...
I did; at that point, I really did want some of that tit. On my second try I caught the nipple between my lips and sucked, and her smile hardened into a happy grimace and she released my wrists. I reached up to free the other breast and tug the bra over her shoulders with her cooperation so I could toss it aside and take both breasts in my hands, rub my thumbs over the nipples, and suckle at each of them alternately while L worked her jeans and panties off as quickly as she could and lowered herself over my hard dick, plunging me into exquisite pleasure before she took my wrists again and held them flat next to my head while she raised her hips and humped down on me again, grinning with a hard, satisfied “huh.”
The challenge was to use an inchie (a one inch square with any type design you like). I colored the schoolhouse from Tiddly Inks on kraft cardstock. I then cut it into 4 equal sections to make 4 inchies. The bottom is the cream cardstock I used above with a sentiment rubber stamp. I used some twine from Jilliebean Soup. I'm thinking about using this card for the Wonderkid's new teachers. He'll meet them tomorrow and I thought it would be nice to start the year off with a card.
There really isn’t one. I suppose we shall see who made the most of their time, money and resources after the Spanish GP. Luckily, with the title this closely contested, there is still plenty of time for anyone to find that sweet-spot and really put some distance between themselves and their rivals. Many of us hope it goes right down to the wire between many pilots for the championship – all or nothing with a roll of the F1 dice.
“Whoa geez, huh, whoops, oh well, oops, sorry, ha ha wait again?, ok just…, my bad?”
Manchester City celebrate their title win
“Who do you see as the person who will carry your responsibilities?“
"Rel, what are you doing?" Dora's voice held fear, not scorn.
It is with deep regret that we must inform you of the passing of Michael Jackson, the Beer Hunter, who died yesterday at his home in London, UK. We learned of his passing from our colleagues - Jay Brooks at Brookston Beer Bulletin and Julie and Daniel Bradford at All About Beer.
I wanted to get on here and vent about it because it’s interesting how healthcare workers are treated.
Awed, I lowered my head, pulled the flier out of my pocket, and handed it to her. She nodded, and led from the foyer into a room full of lit candles, burning incense, and lave lamps. Hanging on one wall was a black velvet painting of a wizard seated on a unicorn, his magic wand doubling as a riding crop. In the middle of the room was a small table with a crystal ball. I sat on one side, Madame Imelda on the other. She held out her hand, and I gave her the ten dollars. She turned away and beckoned,
We'd like you to create a papercraft project (it does not have to be a card) that expresses an attitude of gratitude - show us some heartfelt sentiments too! Your creation can be for any occasion whatsoever, as long as it's a thank you!
But with pundits already making faith a major issue in this presidential campaign — as evidenced by questions about Republican Mitt Romney’s Mormonism — Obama’s religious background is likely to come under further scrutiny.
There were 12 items on the list. If an employee did any one of these they could enter their name in the drawing. In fact, they could enter as many times as they actually completed that item. They also could enter a co-workers name for them, if they felt they deserved it.
Me: "But, but..."
“Now!”
10 Seven Seas
Voodoo Walking by Mama Rosin with Hipbone Slim & The Knee Tremblers
Also should Nate be asked
You probably remember best remember virtual reality due to its ubiquity in the 1990s. Films like the Denzel Washington cop film Virtuosity, thriller The Lawnmower Man, and at the end of the decade, The Matrix, popularized the idea of virtual reality in American technology culture. Video game companies like Nintendo, Sega, and Atari, all attempted to put “Virtual Reality” systems on the market. (Nintendo’s failed Virtual Boy system is the most memorable of these awful early prototypes). While the concept of virtual reality captured the imaginations of everyday Americans, the technology was still years, perhaps decades, off.
The thought of you, now you’re far away
I take one more look at the world behind me and then begin to run back through the trees which widen before me and my destiny.
The lack of computers at schools is another lame excuse, as 100’s of private corporations, inside the country as well as overseas, have donated millions rands worth of high-tech equipment, as well as FREE TRAINING to people in disadvantaged regions, in their efforts to boost social investment programmes.
Otherwise known as The Chapter Yet Unwritten...
My high top oxfords were a love at first sight experience. I really feel like a newsboy when I wear them. I went to Madewell and b-lined it to the sale area like I normally do. I saw them sitting there lonely and sad and I felt I could do something to help them! When I saw that they were a size 9, I reassured the sales lady that thick socks would make them a perfect fit. Fortunately, she had a pair of socks on hand and I tried them on...close enough...Purchased! So now they're kinda too big but I love them all the same.
And so take the time to choose me
(Considering the fact that the issue comes up annually, I’m not certain I’ve been successful at stemming said tide, but it’s a work in process.)
"Dick might have been the guy to shame Cage out of his laziness by waving in his face the DVD boxes for Gone In Sixty Seconds, National Treasure or Captain Corelli's Mandolin, and warning him that he faced turning 60 one day, making endless ridiculous movies in front of blue screens while clutching to his sagging breast yet another hottie several decades his junior like, well, Jessica Biel?"
Officially, I have joined two dating sites. In doing so, I've spent a lot of time cruising through my 'matches'.....wow......um....well.....hmmm. Worse than that, I've had to write a profile for myself.....and on eHarmony they make you take a test.....seriously, a personality test so they can match you with someone who will want to date you. Seriously. I'm starting to think no one will want to date me.....in fact, I've not had any action.....just a few look sees. I'm not ugly, I am 'curvy' (because I refuse to call myself "a few extra pounds") and I'm funny, witty, smart and loyal....kind of like my dog....I'm even sort of short, like my dog....he's a daucshund. That aside, it is gruesome out there.
(what would you do
Saturday we had a late breakfast with Trinity's family before heading over to the Dallas Arboretum for Dallas Blooms. I have to say I was a little disappointed that the tulips had already died, but we did find a few pretty blooms to snap some pictures of Grace. Luke and Gracie loved exploring the grounds, and Grace enjoyed the petting zoo. Luke wasn't so sure about touching any of the animals, which I can't blame him... they looked pretty dirty!
So to Him I shall cling, and pray the world makes sense someday.
Thanks for checking me out again today! Hoping to be back again soon with a new page layout!!
To find out more:
My blog traffic is back up to the levels I had in 2005. Who says blogging is dead? It is just now part of a family of things like twitter, plurk, brightkite and the ever present spaces & books. My little beer blog even appears on AllTop's site, under BEER. Which is why we got the glassware giveaway. Yay. This week I was contacted by a PR person, on behalf of the Buckbean Brewing Company, located in Reno, NV. Right now their beers are really only available in Nevada, and not even widely available at that. But they are beating their drums well, and getting good reviews, so who knows what will happen in the future. The best part is that they are going to SEND ME SOME BEER! Whee! I've been at this for 4 years now. This is my first freebie. I'm so excited.
Oh, and I totally left my running/training pants at home by accident. So if I were to run, I’d have to wear my sleepy pants. Which wouldn’t be terrible.
Crescent moon energy if for organizing resources needed to accomplish the vision, intentions, wishes, aspiriations or goals.
On 1st December Tommy Broughan TD was expelled from the Labour Party after voting to reject a government amendment to extend the bank guarantee for another year.1st December also marks the day that Roscrea District Court solicitors stage a walkout over the courthouse’s closure.2011 was a year long celebration of craft in Ireland.Ireland has been ranked the most charitable country in Europe and the second most charitable nation in the world, according to a new survey.The K Club Kildare has just been awarded with the title of ‘AA Ireland Hotel of the Year’ for 2010/2011.UCC was selected as University of the Year 2011-2012.Barry, managing director of the Barry Group, which is behind franchises such as BuyLo and Costcutter, has been named MSL Cork Business Person of the Year 2011.What a year once wonders what will 2012 bring, whatever it is I hope it is a good year for you all.
A serving machine adds a layer of frozen (-5C) foam at the end of the pour. Just the thing, I suppose, for the hot summer months. The claim is made that this will allow the beer to stay cold for half an hour. From the photos, the foam looks very much like a "soft cream,"which could also add to its attraction.
About Free Printed Invitations by PartyPOP.com:
temperatures hit triple digits.
* tell me that I am too sensitive
The only other thing I’ll add is, like—I left—that I don’t have healthcare right now. I don’t have anything. It’s not like I saved a bunch of money, and I’m doing this. It’s that I made a decision in 2009 that I just was not happy, and I made a decision to the detriment of my family, whom I support in Palestine, right? But the thing is, is like, right now, it’s vindicated by where people are. And all of a sudden, you’re on the streets. You have your time. You can do good with your time. You can grow and, in the process, at least feel better about what you’re doing in the world.
Kelly is our office loudmouth. She chatters endlessly about every detail of her personal life. I don’t want to constantly be hearing about how her son has done at soccer practice, how she has a new cat, how her husband is going back to school again instead of getting a job, how she has this lump on her side that she needs to get checked out. If I want to know these things, I’ll sign up for her online newsletter.
"Oh," sheepishly replied Johnny. "That's a loaf of bread."
The thing is...at any age practice is the only thing that makes perfect so today I am learning to practice. Perfection comes, one day at a time.
“Pakistan is a peace-loving and moderate country and wants to have friendly and cordial relations with all countries, including India,” the premier said while addressing a “special integration camp” being attended by contingents of scouts and girl guides from India and Pakistan.
I used a doily for the both current weekly challenge and last weeks. The previous weeks challenge was to use masking - the doily served as my mask. This weeks challenge was to include a homemade flower and I used the doily from the previous challenge as part of the background. The masking/inking of the doily was done with TH Distress Stain.
Eventually in time I believe Instagram could be a part of journalism. I highly doubt it will make it into print journalism, but it could have a place in online journalism. After all, Instagram is just a mobile app that’s only accessible from your phone. You can’t access photos from the web to Instagram unless they are posted through Twitter or Facebook.
Cassel Sharpe knows he’s been used as an assassin, but he’s trying to put all that behind him. He’s trying to be good, even though he grew up in a family of con artists and cheating comes as easily as breathing to him. He’s trying to do the right thing, even though the girl he loves is inextricably connected with crime. And he’s trying to convince himself that working for the Feds is smart, even though he’s been raised to believe the government is the enemy.
Are you a vegan?
Without a desire to curate organic, not-for-profit art events – Alvarado is currently not paying herself, or any of her helpers – she may not have noticed the disused dental surgery-cum-art gallery which she has rented the ground floor of for her debut Alvarado Gallery exhibition.
Collect 35 Solar on an drop-pod drop.
Like eagle rounding out the morning
The mountain of spiritual experience whose summit is divine union, identified by John of the Cross at the beginning of The Ascent of Mount Carmel: “the summit of the mount—that high state of perfection we here call union of a soul with God . . . The darkness and trials, spiritual and temporal, that fortunate souls ordinarily undergo on their way to the high state of perfection are so numerous and profound that human science cannot understand them adequately. Nor does experience of them equip one to explain them. Only those who suffer them will know what this experience is
Who likes to walk on the wild side?
And I am consumed.
There is no cocktail menu, but the resident mixologist will rustle something up sur mesure depending on your preference and his inspiration (although mostly on the latter - he does tend, rather endearingly, to impose his cocktail ideas), which you can then sip in any of the apartment-like rooms or even in the human-scale birdcage for a more amorous moment.
It was interesting, and actually quite good! I will say, I am LOVING the Chocolate PB2 and can’t wait to formulate some recipes with it!
My Love is your Love
She shut all the blinds. She tightens all the windows. And crawls into the dark corners of herself.
The Constitutional Court is sitting in judgment on Zuma. They create a hullabaloo in public. That is preparing society for their pouncing. That is the issue. “They must give the judgment and not prepare us. They must not use Hlophe as a scapegoat to hit at Zuma.”
Violet was a vampire and she still craved blood. To meet her needs, he had taken up pig farming and bred a whole herd of pigs on board the TARDIS for her to feed on. He also carried a chemical substitute in case they ever got separated from the ship. He had no intention of ever becoming Violet's victim. When he was especially pleased with her, he would offer her his arm or neck to give her a little taste. Time Lord blood was a great delicacy for her. It was not something he allowed her too often. That was the wonderful thing about her blood thirst. It meant that she could be manipulated so easily. He had often chosen companions who were addicted to drugs. As long as he was the one with the supply on the TARDIS, he could get his human assistants to do what he wanted.
Location/Affiliates: Mount Sinai Medical Center (Manhattan)
If you like great acting, (awesome) british humour, classic detective stories with a twist and a seeing bit of london, it’s defenitly something for you.
“He pulls two rusty screws out of his pocket and looks at me like a shady car mechanic and says, I don’t know how to tell you this, but you have a problem with your chimney cap.” “Wow,” I wanted to tell him to keep his paws off my chimney cap, and I don’t know where those rusty screws have been but I’m sure they didn’t come from my chimney cap, as I’m sure my chimney cap has not seen the light of day in quite some time so he’d better keep those rusty screws away from her!”
A very late hello to you all,
~ kirsty
Hope you can make it for the inaugural flight of Radio Podrophenia!!
1-800-477-8191
I read something the other day that really irked me. Got me fired up in a mama bear sort of way. A Catholic blogger who used to homeschool wrote, "Anyone who says they enjoy homeschooling is either a beginner or in denial."
In Kuwait, where for years Islamists fought women’s enfranchisement, they hounded the four women who finally made it into parliament, demanding that the two who didn’t cover their hair wear hijabs. When the Kuwaiti parliament was dissolved this past December, an Islamist parliamentarian demanded the new house — devoid of a single female legislator — discuss his proposed “decent attire” law.
So when I said that communists have murdered 100,000,000 people in the last century by starving, executing, or freezing them to death in gulags, that doesn’t actually count, but when an African kid dies of malaria because angsty urban American liberals got DDT banned to protect bird’s eggs, that’s the fault of capitalism… Gotcha.
This can be felt even when we are still living.
Joan, name ONE dirty deed that either of your sisters ever DID to you…name it, the deed, NOT AN IMPRESSION FROM YOUR MIND. NAME the deed and provide the evidence of that deed.
The report itself lacks detail. It does not explain why funding could not be found and says nothing about what governmental, grant or European funding might, or might not, be available. It does however suggest that upto £10 million of capital funding could be allocated towards the project by the Council.
All I could think about was how it was wrong and how I couldn’t fix it and this made me a terrible employee and on and on. And in the grand scheme of things, it’s really not that big a deal. But I couldn’t stop myself from thinking I should do something more to fix it. Go back to the (empty) office. Send emails (to people I knew couldn’t fix it). Call my boss (who was already home, and couldn’t fix it from there, and whom I already emailed). I was able to see that all of these thoughts were completely irrational, though, and when it started to turn into what a terrible employee and, therefore, terrible person I was, I forcibly distracted myself and the thoughts subsided.
I'm torn. Vampires + Dissection = ???
The album's primary sonic colours are crystalline and prismatic – and that's down to harp player Zeena Parkins, an instrument called the celeste, and a music box Björk had specially made from glass rather than wood ("so it sounds more plunky"), with her own tunes scored on big brass discs.
Went to church for the first time (more on that to come later!)
When ready to cook the chicken, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the chicken breasts in a baking dish and pour the excess marinade over them. Bake in the oven until cooked through and the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees, about 45 minutes (exact baking time will depend on the size of your chicken pieces.) Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes before serving.
First, make yourself a cocktail, then chose four bloggers who have contributed greatly to the world of blogging.
The circle was cut at 2.5".
WOW! I always read right before bed, and I picked up this novel with the intention of whetting my appetite through a few chapters, but I ended up reading the entire novel in one sitting. Needless to say, I got very little sleep, but the story was well worth it, permeating my dreams once the tale came to an end—it is that powerful!
we went on a hunt for the perfect junior beat marina costumes.
"We succeeded in getting a description of the assailants from the tour guide before she was taken to the hospital," Franco said.
LABORS OF LOVE was a fanzine-styled history of comic fandome written by former SENSE OF WONDER editor Bill Schelly, who later extrapolated on the idea with a large softcover book that filled in a lotta the missing details and general historical background that clued more'n a few newcomers about such crucial comic fanzines as ALTER EGO, XERO and STAR STUDDED COMICS. A nice and breezy li'l read that'll take you at least two pre-beddy bye sittings to complete, LABORS gives the basic backgrounds and general impressions regarding the birth and grown of comic book fandom courtesy Schelly, a guy who has a takent to really show ya just how much of an importance comic fandom was in the sixties, enough that he can actually zone you back to that early/mid-sixties teenage gulcher fun and games attitude that permeated itself into everything from comic books to tee-vee, rock 'n' roll, slot car racing and even the kind of new pleasure foods were being pumped at us from cathodes nationwide. Makes me feel sorry for kids today who have nothing but computer gadgetry and their genitals to rely on!
Nope,….not yet. Do you remember what Jesus told the disciples to do??????? Lol….
When a manuscript sits in a drawer, the fruit withers.
“So how come people can pick and choose what they want to use in the Bible? The Bible says marriage is between a man and a woman, but it also says that adulterers should be stoned. (Well, that would have taken care of Newt Gingrich and John Edwards.) People don’t support stoning people.” (And the Bible says slavery is OK, if your child strays from the faith he should be stoned, and anyone who works on the Sabbath should be put to death.)
All my clues are in this playing ;)
Unschooling preserves-your originality, your curiosity your self-trust.
by campfire,
That will be down to good’ole B.Liar, Plunkitt and co. Nobody wanted to hear it back in the early 2000′s…and apparently ‘nobody’ voted for these idiots -time and time again. Still fewer ‘nobody’s’ wanted our boy’s to be killed in a ‘toilet’ as one man said earlier…and ‘nobody’ wanted the banks to be allowed to destroy our economy… Its pretty not ironic that NOBODY wants to see, hear or listen to Milli-Bland nor Mr. Balls at the moment… One thing is for sure. The treaties that Labour signed us up to for before they were hauled out of office….NOBODY WILL BE ABLE TO REMOVE THESE CRIMINALS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE…
There is one simple way of testing whether the smoking ban has been popular and successful—get rid of it. If people really don't want to go back to the days of smoky pubs, there is really no reason to have a law forcing pubs to be smokefree. Get rid of the law, let the market decide, and if pubs remain entirely nonsmoking we'll know that ASH were right all along. If, however, pubs decide to accommodate smokers once more, we'll know, if we hadn't realised already, that ASH cannot be trusted.
Last Thursday, 18 April 2008, Pope Benedict XVI spoke at the Ecumenical Prayer Service held in Saint Joseph’s Church in New York City. Tomorrow the monastic calendar will commemorate a woman whose life illustrates much of what the Holy Father said. Celebrating the saints is integral to what Pope Benedict XVI calls “diachronic koinonia — communion with the Church in every age” that saves us from the narrow uncatholic perspective of the immediate here and now of a given local community.
Accende lumen sensibus: infunde amorem cordibus: infirma nostri corporis virtute firmans perpeti.
If you could let me know in the comments section, I'd be much obliged.
“I had to be sure of my feelings.”
This day I walked up a hill road until I found a break in the hedgerow and a place with a big view. I could look way down into the valley and almost hear the fever of the jigs and reels, while the silent sea of heaven rolled overhead.
I’ve been missing. I’m sorry. Thank you so much for all the sweet emails and comments checking on me and worrying about me.
OU comments: This was the 1st US tour for then 21 year old Sinéad who was riding the hugely popular debut album "the lion and the cobra". At the time of this posting (late March 2012) there was just one other earlier USA Sinéad show, five days before this one from March 26th at the World in N.Y.C.
1 unsuitable
A lot of her inner dialog after the accident reminds me of my husband, a paraplegic from a motorcycle accident. This connection and similarity made me feel especially close to Kristin.
and prayed for your protection.
- 12 ounces good chocolate (60% cacao), broken up
For the right Faith is, that we believe and confess, that our Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of
Pinball Machine Sequence Launched
Calligraphy Collection for the writing on the scroll (used with Cricut markers)
In combining the layers of the risk factors; such as low down payment, lower representative score, with prior credit issues with no reserves after closing, and a high loan to value indicate a high risk is involved for mortgage default.
It is evident that there is a continuous need for many different devices which include laptops, MP3 players, mobiles and other cordless tools. This has consequently resulted in a greater need for rechargeable batteries.
I am meeting Gary in Scottsdale tonight so that we can give my sister, my brother, and my niece's mom their birthday cards and gifts. You have seen two of those cards; the card for my sister, Barbara, will be up at the end of the month.
No such "hands off" gentleman's game is possible between Pakistan, India, and China. They are immediate neighbors. Their game takes on a whole new color.
Then there was the issue of sides. I made no vegetables because I felt the meatloaf was veggie-enriched enough. I still wanted to serve more on the plate than just a slab of meatloaf. I raided the cabinets for something usable. I guess I cleaned out the cabinet pretty well in the past. I had no rice or other grains. All I had was a box of cornmeal. Since I had some rice flour in the freezer, I made some gluten-free cornbread on the side.
The image is from here and is coloured with copics, backing paper papermania and embossing folder is cottage floral by craft concepts, buttons ribbon and flower from stash
The average container ship can carry about 4,500 containers. This blog was viewed about 24,000 times in 2010. If each view were a shipping container, your blog would have filled about 5 fully loaded ships.
The bannister was occupied by Salvatore, his favored silver tabby,
It’s the hatching season. Not just of the various critters that appear to be attempting to invade the house, but of a new story.
Winning is a perfect combination of masterful parts, nothing cold and no warm rock left uncovered. Find what works and philosophically patent that, go back and tweak and tinker and rev it some more in the downtime, then head right back into that very same game-plan again. “You have figured it out and no one else knows how perfect this will be.”
I did not know that, no wonder Ms. Spalding was so crabby, she didn’t get out enough.
...bring to a boil.
I'm excited to be first in line of the many great challenges and games we have lined up for you this weekend.
43) Obama supported PIPA and FISA and Restricting Internet Freedom; This is stupid because none of those Bills EVER made it out of Congress and who’s to say the President would have signed the Bills if they did? The internet is one of the few places where Real Brothers can actually support the Black President so why would he want to censor one of the few places of his support?
The 2008 “financial crisis” in the United States was a systemic fraud in which the wealthy finance capitalists stole trillions of public dollars. No one was jailed for this crime, the largest theft of public money in history.
Finally the physician should bear in mind that he himself is not exempt from the common lot but is subject to the same laws of mortality and disease as his fellows and he will care for the sick with more diligence and tenderness if he remembers that he himself is their fellow sufferer’.
For example, I remember that my longest writing before high school was a full-length novel (120 pages, give or take) about a group of middle school students who go to a summer camp and, through an espionage-style assault on the enemy’s base with paintball markers, stop the bad guys from doing bad stuff (yes, it was that vague). I had no real friend group at the time, and no one ever read it. I was flying solo without any sort of ground control of readers or editors. I read books like the wind and thought to myself, “I can do this.” I threw the story away later on, dismissing it as “childish” writing. Only now do I realize that it could have easily been salvageable. I could have placed it upon a cookie-cutter plot, a pre-made foundation, and then gone from there. It would not have been difficult to return and “fix-up” the story itself, only as difficult as repairing a house with weak constitution. It was a shack built upon a marsh, and it needed more help than I could provide by myself.
"Honey, shouldn't you know by now? Just because he has a boyfriend doesn't mean the game is over. It only means the game just got more interesting. It's over only when I say it is."
* With laws passed that could open up for lawsuits also outside of the US, savvy companies will start to be proactive when considering defensive or offensive IP acquisitions to strenghten portfolio.
This is why I also never talk about animal cruelty issues like foie gras (I just ate that today wtf) or people torturing kittens/puppies.
suto vadaty eṣa tavendra-śatro
Looking in from the front door you can see the opposite wall is the entrance to the kitchen and dining room with a stupid little closet built right in the middle of it. To the left is a set of stairs going up and going down.
In another hallway in my mind, wandering thought, a wanderlust
¡Alambrista! is available on DVD and Blu-ray.
I’m not even talking about the signing of Lukas Podolski, who has confirmed on his own website (as have his current club FC Köln) that he has signed for Arsenal. Signed. Past tense. It’s been done. Lovely. And we can all say “it seems like Arsenal have learned something from the transfer debacle last year”.
This demoralisation and destruction of the party has had wider ramifications. The activist base has been almost entirely depleted, so that in former strongholds like Kirklees, there are no BNP candidates for the first time in 12 years.
Three Heads
Look, I knew there was a cliffhanger when I started this. And I knew, based on how things were shaping up and how few pages were left, that I would be left hanging at a pretty exciting point.
Yup I said it, no more used games.
Marie Lu and me in Agent Centre
“They don’t?” chortled Lisa. “Now that you mention it, I’ve never seen a guy with a boner busting his gut!”
2. JSP/Servlets
After 3 weeks in primary fermentation at 66-68 degrees it came down to 1.008 which was pretty normal and it had a great yeasty flavors of cloves, anise and black pepper. .It was real tasty as well!
It’s an absolutely brilliant handheld gaming console, held back from true greatness by a few small niggles. Said niggles will no doubt become less of a big deal over time – and the likes of Amazon are already selling the console for less than its list price.
It all started last weekend. I was busy each day & could feel I was fighting a cold. I pushed through because I needed to get ready for my first craft show on Saturday (more on this later). By Tuesday, I was done for and out of commission for the next two days. I'm back to about 95% today, finally!
So are you wondering about our winners from last week? The random winner of a $10 gift certificate to the TE Store is Betty Benton! Congrats!
Shrill, too.
So, Saturday morning we packed up my car, got a drive thru breakfast at Chick-fil-e (and Starbucks for my sweet), and hit the open road. We listened to a mix of his music and my music. We have very different musical tastes. Mine range in the alternative/singer-songerwriter genres... GDA prefers hip-hop and songs with Latino flavor. (Of late, I've been getting into the Latin music scene as well, to help with my salsa dancing.) When listening to music, I count in my head. Additionally, "I'm Sexy and I Know It" by LMFAO (I can't tell you how much this name irks me!) has become our mantra of sorts. We'll be doing whatever, and then GDA will break out with I'm Sexy and I Know It.
Bottom line: Kit Whitfield’s In Great Waters is an impressive accomplishment—with thoroughly thought-out worldbuilding, complex characters, and deep, resounding themes, it’s utterly fascinating and engaging. The ending could be a bit bigger, but that’s not much of a complaint. Read it.
One Hot Pleasure (Sultan and Ned Shepard One Hot Dub) Electronica 125 bpm 7:29
DW: OK, go ahead.
Seen from this angle, the mystery of the Pyramids on the seabed has been resolved. We are simply seeing the results of a cataclysmic earth changing event which resulted in raised sea levels and many lost coastal civilizations. Scientists know more about the surface of the moon then they do about the depths of the earth’s oceans. Perhaps we should follow James Cameron’s lead and start asking more questions about what is really down there – maybe even exploring for ourselves.
For those of you who are starting to notice shadows, pay attention to the B00 and BG93 that I threw into the shadows. I did this to liven up the shadows and liven up the artwork. Note that I also added YR30 and B00 into the highlights. I added the rough sketchy lines in the background to liven those areas up as well. You probably don't notice much of this at first, but it helps to add variety to the whole. I did very little blending on this illustration, except for the purple/gray marker label, and even then I tried to keep it sketchy.
Nemi was also kind enough to send me the photo you see above and point out the EXACT marble that I sent. It is a cheap marble among some very old and classic real marbles. It is now much cooler by association.
Anyway, once I had three kids, I couldn't make the schedule work, so I had to leave the job, but I found my mind and my heart and my memory pulled back into that experience so viscerally, so completely recently, that I could almost smell the cheap cigarettes and the haven't-been-washed-in-four-years black jeans and the yesterday's liquor and Jolly Ranchers that I smelled on those kids every day.
This wasnt a Doctor who things happened to this was a Doctor manipulating and pulling the strings always two steps ahead of his advesaries.
While visions of “Freshly Pressed” danced in their heads.
But to lounge in the sweet fact that it took breath
We need to put an end to this! It isn’t fair! Children across the world are dreading to step out of their houses because they’re scared. Children shouldn’t have to live in fear.
Ginger – green chilli paste: 1-2 tsp / according to taste
Right galliera pm review Artificial Louis Vuitton Handbag base really builds quite a few crash into of any display it’s visibility every single consulting, workshop or even obtaining below smaller population center be the same for.
Popcorn Park Zoo was established in 1977 for the sole purpose of providing a refuge for wildlife that were sick, elderly, abandoned , abused, or injured, and which could no longer survive in its natural habitat. As time went on, we expanded to include exotic and domestic animals. All our residents once faced these circumstances, as well as exploitation and illegal ownership. Over 200 of these animals and birds now live in
Murdoch and Elsa Maclennan: Murdoch is chief exec at the Telegraph Media Group. Donations: £23,000.
This amounts to a radical change to the planning process that has seen the previous planning guidance of more than 1000 pages condensed to a little over 50. The framework has been designed this way to simplify the planning process and application decisions.
I saw something on Facebook today about leaders. Paraphrased: If you inspire and encourage then you are a leader. I agree. Unfortunately, leaders are human and can make mistakes.
For the recipe you'll need eight fabrics-four sets of pairs. The Quilting Connection has the specific amounts and some value guidelines to help the selection process. You can contact our email with any other questions. It will be both fun and easily achievable for a great holiday gift!
Kyle told me what they were doing.
Here is our Christmas card that will be going out soon. We had fun with it this year, especially since the boys were BEYOND silly this year when it came time for Christmas pictures so this worked out for us.
LRA Loughton seems significantly more affected by crime than Debden.
Specifically: 1100, the Number of the Beast in telecoms.
glances from joy filled eyes
It's a little sad. Okay, I'm actually really, really sad writing about how much I used to love that garden and the time and energy I put into it and how beautiful it once was. But even more, I'm really happy now tending more carefully the new ways in which I'm growing and changing and shaping myself. I'm loving the new opportunities that are blooming in my life. Exciting new possibilities are arranging themselves in perfectly timed, beautiful colors.
That's nice. Now I suppose he will expect the same from me. What if I choose to shut down anyway and take the consequences? I think that is likely. It feels better to close it off sometimes. When you are the one doing the closing. So if I do and take the consequences does that mean I am choosing a spanking? And if it does then why would I do that? I've talked before about how I think the whys aren't so important. And maybe the why is just because it feels better after. It's just easier.
The Things a Brother Knows by Dana Reinhardt
Nor does Jacobs solely document a year spent sitting on a couch reading. Whilst reading the Britannica, he also travels to Britannica headquarters, joins Mensa, interviews the founder of several high-IQ societies and is a contestant on Who Wants to Be A Millionaire? Yet somehow his anecdotes—undoubtedly an attempt to turn a rather isolating experience into something other people can appreciate—don’t quite manage to make his mission exciting. In fact, one of the central themes in Jacobs’ writing is how infrequently other people—his wife included—appreciate incessant sharing of interesting yet generally irrelevant facts.
One of MCA’s great boasts is that of the Tunku Abdul Rahman College and University.
I look forward to reading your reviews this month!
The trouble was now we were half an hour early. We stuck our head in the restaurant and said “tienamos una reserve” and this is where we got stuck. We tried “Mirta” blank faces, “Roger y Mirta” still blank. “Mirta Gamboa” nope; “Quantas personas” the guy said, “no tengo ningun idea” I said. Stalemate, nothing left but to stand and wait.
We will never tolerate segregation, and the law is on our side on that one. The segregationists/gender queer and cross dressing activists need not to co-opt us anymore, it's unethical and a violation of our rights for them to demand that we misgender ourselves into a third gender "anti-binary" rebellion. We simply are aligned with the binary, like a large percentage of the world.
Take advantage of the $289 Starter kit special!
The U.S. Department of State forwards complete and eligible Hague Abduction Convention applications to the Ministry of Justice. The Ministry of Justice then forwards the applications to the appropriate Public Prosecutor attached to the civil court of general jurisdiction in the jurisdiction where the defendant resides. The Prosecutor brings the case on behalf of France; parents or legal guardian and other parties (e.g., the child) have the right to their own counsel (legal aid is only available to French citizens). A list of attorneys compiled by the U.S. Embassy in France is available through the U.S. Embassy website. Please note that referral of the listed attorneys, law firms, or legal aid organizations do not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the U.S. Department of State. The Department of State assumes no responsibility for the professional ability, performance or integrity of these attorneys. The order in which the names appear has no significance.
4-6 May 2012
Aguero’s workrate, Tevez’ skill…Tevez’ workrate, Aguero’s skill, Clichy’s pace, Silva’s passing, Kompany’s defending, Lescott’s heading, Zabaleta’s engine, De Jong’s presence…ALL pretty special.
mistake of sneezing when the king was speaking, he was strangled on
Our chat was at Urban Coffee Shop and it was my first time there as I don’t drink coffee. After much ado, I found the shop and waited for Rosie to show up. As soon as she worked in I knew she was the one because she got the “bohemian” look just right. And we got chatting. She said she had been dancing since she was a child, following the movements of the waves by the beach and eventually in a ballet class. Her commitment to dance however, started when she had an imaginative teacher that taught them to “move like cats” or come up with their own moves.
summer. She would dress me up and use me to impress her friends with
If you’re like me, living across The Pond, you may have heard news stories about European “football” (rugby) teams and how violent and reactionary their fans can get. And if you’re like me (or even if you actually enjoy sports), you have to wonder what all the fuss is about.
Here are some ways I’ve been combating this little travel bug:
1 cup parmesan cheese
But when Vika arrived at her first orphanage, the workers gave her a birth date and guessed at her age; as she was found on the street with a mom who never claimed her, the exact information was never known. She was given the birthdate of January 19 and it was estimated she was around seven years old.
Step behind him in line, your eyes again meet
Id mention the time I spent all day on my knees with my roommate. Both armed with some cleansing alcohol and a loofa. A metallic scraper and two boxes of tissue paper.elbow deep in fading acrylic paint and high as a kit on the fumes.
So that's about it! Thank you for coming on this long needleturn ride with me. Please don't hesitate to ask any questions, I'm not that good at writing clear instructions so I'm hoping I haven't confused more than helped, but it has been fun xo
Accommodation + full board (three meals a day) only 25 euro per person / day.
V.A. - Melancholiedjes 2 (The second Belgian and Dutch compilation)
“Algar’s a great person and there was no reason for you to mess with my social life,” Sybil growled.
Last week, or well I guess it was this week, being that it's still Saturday and all, a bunch of us went to a place in Cincinnati that I have only heard tales of. I have been wanting to see if it could be true for the longest time, really a place that makes homemade root beer?
I do have some things I'd like to do this year, but I haven't really spent too much time thinking about it.
The difference is that John McCain stared at the juggernaut of history bearing down upon him, and threw a Hail Mary, while Newt Gingrich imagines himself the juggernaut of history poised to sweep civilization, and throws a Hail Mary hoping how well he thinks of himself will be contagious.
Imagine being given an ice cold drink. A cocktail, a soft drink, or even a beer (though I don’t personally like them). You’re given a coaster to catch the condensation before it hits the table. But this coaster is different.
Let's start with my mornings. I sleep on a futon, which isn't too uncomfortable, actually. It's a good bit firmer than I'm used to, but that isn't a problem. However, I think my pillow is too firm for my sleeping habits, and I'll probably go to Ikea and get a softer one. I try to get up around 9 now, though I slept in until 11 this morning (I've been quite tired). I fold up my sheets and pick up my mattress to lean it against the wall. This helps it dry out to avoid mold. I've been doing this since day one, as I had been warned that it can develop mold. (At my recent follow-up training, I heard from one of the other trainees that she had not been doing this and already started developing a mold of some sort! The fix seems to be some kind of bleach spray, followed by vacuuming. I want this spray just for a precaution.)
He settled for a stiff nod to acknowledge her apology, and realised he didn't know where to begin. Why had he gotten so upset with Dora's quip? It was rude of the Four Knot to suggest he might find a Wilder attractive, but he couldn't exactly explain that to Taslin. He bit his lip, caught himself doing it, and stopped, feeling the odd urge to cover his mouth to make sure he didn't do it again. Instead, he clenched a fist, and said, "Sorry, could you repeat the question? I've lost track."
Our paths crossed by the amazing paradigm of the Internet.......she stumbled upon me because of my sweet little earth Angel Emma Sage and my blogging and capturing her life in photographs and words.
It was always the “in” thing, to have a clean, fancy, shiny bicycle. Bicycles to us kids in those days were much like cars in the years to come; a necessary mode of transportation, much more so than they were to my own children. I would often visit the local Schwinn bicycle shop not far away to look at, to dream of and to plan for bigger and more expensive models. Sometime when I was about 13, I owned a Schwinn Stingray, with it’s high-rise handlebars, a 20 inch rear tire with a smaller one up front, a banana seat and a five-speed shifter on the bar between my legs. I became pretty efficient at pulling “wheelies” with it and could travel half a block or more before losing momentum. Eventually I would graduate to a 26 inch ten-speed before my days as a kid, riding bikes with my friends, would come to an end.
P raise can do alone.
The Waste Land, by T. S. Eliot
Numb is forced to more or less prostitute himself by letting people put nails in him. Just like so many other people he didn't know any other way to survive. First he was part of the freak show in the circus and then on to a different kind of freak show in New York.
And the devil in disguise.
The third element is the creation of depth using increasing dark values as you get to back of the ship. The idea is to try and make it look as though the Titanic is coming out of the dark into the light.
I wanted to take the time to wish all my new friends from MUIB a hearty hello! I’ve added a blog roll over on the right for the amazing blogs authored by these women. Please take a moment to take a look at the wide variety of topics covered in depth here. Please check back frequently as we are a busy group and post often!!
Over the years, I've had boots with lace-ups, no lace ups, big stumpy platforms, buckles, and heels of various heights. They are always knee length and black, that's a constant.
WHADDYA, KNOW: This will take a circuitous route to a point about receiver standards, starting with quote from the “Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012.”
Latinos (Govs. Sandoval and Martinez; various Senators) and Asian-Americans (Govs. Haley and Jindal; Sens. Inouye and Akaka) have had more success in recent years, despite similar problems — gerrymandering, for example.
The Roman Catholic Church had just begun its Counter-Reformation, a reaction against the successful Reformation of the Protestant Church and the Thirty Years War began. Galileo was strangely naive about politics. He felt that he could outwit the Church, which had made the country almost a police state, because he was so clever. But logical thinking and truth were the enemies of Faith and anyone who didn’t agree was, a heretic.
And my nails...well lets just say I still gotta 'em.
and I am waiting for a rebirth of wonder and I am waiting for someone to really discover America and wail and I am waiting for the discovery Of a new symbolic western frontier and I am waiting for the American Eagle to really spread its wings and straighten up and fly right and I am waiting for the Age of Anxiety to drop dead and I am waiting for the war to be fought which will make the world safe for anarchy and I am waiting for the final withering away of all governments and I am perpetually awaiting a rebirth of wonder I am waiting for the second coming And I am waiting For a religious revival To sweep thru the state of Arizona And I am waiting For the grapes of wrath to stored And I am waiting For them to prove That God is really American And I am waiting To see God on television Piped into church altars If they can find The right channel To tune it in on And I am waiting for the last supper to be served again and a strange new appetizer and I am perpetually awaiting a rebirth of wonder I am waiting for my number to be called and I am waiting for the Salvation Army to take over and I am waiting for the meek to be blessed and inherit the earth without taxes and I am waiting for forests and animals to reclaim the earth as theirs and I am waiting for a way to be devised to destroy all nationalisms without killing anybody and I am waiting for linnets and planets to fall like rain and I am waiting for lovers and weepers to lie down together again in a new rebirth of wonder I am waiting for the great divide to be crossed and I anxiously waiting For the secret of eternal life to be discovered By an obscure practitioner and I am waiting for the storms of life to be over and I am waiting to set sail for happiness and I am waiting for a reconstructed Mayflower to reach America with its picture story and TV rights sold in advance to the natives and I am waiting for the lost music to sound again in the Lost Continent in a new rebirth of wonder I am waiting for the day that maketh all things clear and I am waiting for retribution for what America did to Tom Sawyer and I am waiting for the American Boy to take off Beauty's clothes and get on top of her and I am waiting for Alice in Wonderland to retransmit to me her total dream of innocence and I am waiting for Childe Roland to come to the final darkest tower and I am waiting for Aphrodite to grow live arms at a final disarmament conference in a new rebirth of wonder I am waiting to get some intimations of immortality by recollecting my early childhood and I am waiting for the green mornings to come again for some strains of unpremeditated art to shake my typewriter and I am waiting to write the great indelible poem and I am waiting for the last long rapture and I am perpetually waiting for the fleeting lovers on the Grecian Urn to catch each other at last and embrace and I am awaiting perpetually and forever
My husband dusted off Betsey and filled the brittle tires with air. The hard narrow seat hurt, and the squeaky brakes annoyed me, but the bike still worked, so off I went. Since Salem has some Greenways not far from the shop, I figured it would be an ideal location to give it a spin. So I rode along the path I usually walk. The worst part was getting to the path as I had to walk the bike up a rather steep hill and across a bridge dodging traffic on Colorado. I was out of breath by the time I even got to the Greenway.
Showcase Different Sides of Your Biz
On our way back the clouds lifted away from the top of the nearby mountain and we caught a glimpse of part of Machu Picchu from afar. It made me that much more excited for tomorrow. Aguas Calientes is in a valley by the river, whereas Machu Picchu is at the top of a mountain. It's quite the climb to get up there; the buses go through a series of switchbacks. We could see them going up and down from where we were.
Liking this more and more, Grayson nodded to himself with no thought to Doyle’s cautioning advice. Making it up as it came to him, he went on with enthusiastic abandon. “I know who kidnapped her, or at least, who arranged it. It’s doubtful that he came here himself. I suspect he sent someone to do it for him.”
The film has no textual titles except brief ones at the beginning and before the tacked-on, studio-mandated epilogue. Murnau and screenwriter Carl Mayer convey everything entirely through visuals, through performances. The complete lack of dialogue text is very refreshing, preventing the film from getting bogged down in endless reading breaks between images. Even in the one scene where Murnau uses text within the mise en scène, this text isn't simply a static paragraph. The porter learns of his demotion to restroom attendant through a letter, and Murnau displays this letter onscreen. But when the porter gets to the part that is for him the key phrase — the humiliating line that attributes this change to his "age and frailty" — the camera tracks along the words, following his eye as he takes in this disheartening phrase. The image then begins to blur, as if with tears, confirming that this is the first subjective shot in the film — and the first subjective shot in the then-short history of moving pictures! Even with the novelty long since faded, shots like this are incredibly affecting and bracing, as are the graceful tracking shots that zero in on the porter's distraught face at key moments.
We live in a society where food prices are set to go only one way: up. We also live in a society (at least in the UK) where all the land has been divided up between a handful of the people. Only 3% of land in the UK today is common land. Both land and property are becoming further and further out of the reach of ordinary people. We are forced instead to be completely dependent on the mercy of landlords, our money pouring out of our accounts into their pockets with nothing of our own to show for it. We a bundled closer and closer together into smaller and smaller apartments and flats where it becomes difficult to grow or produce anything which makes us completely at the mercy of the supermarkets and agribusiness. We are not a free people anymore, we are unable to affect change, we are unable to chose a path of self-sufficiency and we are subject to a great many market forces beyond our control.
When it comes to blogger, I love the various new views they have, but they don't have the support yet for custom widgets, which I don't want to totally abandon yet. So what's a blogger to do?
(This is where I get worried that my son is posessed)
I have no idea what I want to be when I grow up. Honestly. I only ever wanted to be a teacher. Now I've meet that mark and I'm good at it. It seems crazy to just stick around status-quo, right? So what do I do next? I'm not interested in becoming an administrator, mostly because I understand how intensely frustrating that job that can be without the right funds or support from your superiors. I'm not eager to get another degree in English, because I already have a hard enough time finding other ways (than teaching) to use my B.A. degree.
In the morning I had my valise packed, waiting outside the door to the beach-house. I wanted to be anywhere but inside my own crawling flesh. But she had been unfaithful, so why was I to leave? We agreed to find separate homes and when I left the solitude of Lakeview Drive, I moved into a bustling, dysfunctional community on East Cliff Drive, a house and cabins on a giant lot where 14 people lived and ate together. (Today, Lakeview is paved and the little house has made way for a choked row of overpriced condos.)
The Continental GT’s infotainment system is every bit as compact, powerful and technologically advanced as the cars that houses it. As standard the Continental GT comes with an eight channel, eight speaker system, with 15GB of storage for music. Music can be played via an iPod, MP3 player, the car’s own six-disc CD changer or even an SD card.
But then we got on top of the dye thing, and it started to feel pretty easy. I was just thankful that food dyes were my only foray into restricted diets and that I didn’t have to worry about any of the HARD stuff. Like peanuts. Or dairy. Or gluten.
The examples generally used to support this sort of argument typically involve animals with different sensory capabilities than our own, like Thomas Nagel's bat (Nagel did not use his bat argument for the point I am making here.) The bat has poorer vision than us, but instead has a highly refined sonar system it uses to echolocate its prey. What must it be like, Nagel asks, to be a bat? What is a "bat's world" like? We can hardly imagine it, but by what right do we claim that our world is the "real world" in contrast to the bat's? If these sorts of examples impress us as support for Kant's views, we should remember that Kant himself did not argue from them. For if Kant is right, then what we call a "bat" is only a construction our consciousness puts on sense impressions. Imagining what it is like to be a bat is just another way of exploring our own consciousness, not a magic way to explore the possibilities of some other consciousness.
“You got no right to beat on the brat, asshole,” I tell him. “Not with a fucking baseball bat.”
Arkle Chase and went on to add the Queen Mother Champion Chase in 2003 and 2005, as well as a host of other championship races including the Grade One John Smith’s Melling Chase at Aintree in 2004 and 2005. He crowned the 2002/03 season with victory in the John Smith’s Grand National aboard Monty’s Pass, something which contributed to him being voted RTE Sports Personality of the year by Irish television viewers. He captured the 2005 Cheltenham Gold Cup on the Tom Taaffe-trained Kicking King the day after Moscow Flyer’s emotional second Queen Mother Champion Chase triumph. In total, he has enjoyed 25 victories at the Cheltenham Festival. Geraghty teamed up with Lambourn trainer Nicky Henderson at the start of the 2008/09 season, splitting his time between Ireland and Britain. Geraghty’s association with Henderson has already yielded a Champion Hurdle victory in 2009 with Punjabi and he was top jockey at The Festival in 2012 with five success including the Queen Mother Champion Chase on Finian’s Rainbow. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2000 Call It A Day (6th); 2001 Hanakham (Fell 2nd); 2002 Alexander Banquet (Unseated 6th); 2003 MONTY’S PASS (WON); 2004 Monty’s Pass (4th); 2005 Monty’s Pass (16th); 2006 Puntal (6th); 2007 Slim Pickings (3rd); 2008 Slim Pickings (4th); 2009 Golden Flight (Fell 1st); 2010 Big Fella Thanks (4th); 2011 Or Noir De Somoza (Fell 6th)
Turmeric Powder - 1/4 tsp
My work is looking beyond the pure documentation of a state for the transient and personal intermediate spaces, which are hidden in every situation and action.
How do you set the limit?
After The Beast, Ray Harryhausen was on a roll: It Came from Beneath the Sea, 20 Million Miles to Earth, Earth vs. the Flying Saucers. But in 1958 he, producer Charles Schneer and director Nathan Juran made a picture that represented an orders-of-magnitude leap forward on the keen-and-neat-o scale.
Please link your creations below by Sunday, April 8th to play along. Winner and Tea Time Terrific Top Three will be announced Monday, April 9th. We will have an all-new challenge for you to play along with on the 9th as well, so please come back and visit with us again for another chance to win!
An open letter to our young undergrads — Tay Tian Yan – April 18, 2012
1 small onion, diced
Thanks for following this journey!
Overall I have done 77 runs, over a total of 390 miles. I’ve cross-trained a total of 79 miles over 22 occasions. I’ve used 49,000 calories and climbed 6000 feet of elevation. Total exercise time of just under 74 hours. I did set myself the goal of virtually ‘running’ from Land’s End to John O’Groats, and I’m a bit behind schedule, with 381 miles to do in 137 days… I’d better get back into training mode!
In a manifesto he published online before the attacks, Breivik wrote that “patriotic resistance fighters” should use trials “as a platform to further our cause.”
Baseball! Slightly overcast and chilly for most of game. We had a rough start but came back from behind by 9 runs to win with bases loaded in the pouring rain! Go team go!
none leading to what I need.
I am not a demonstrator, but if anyone wants to know where to buy SU from I know a couple of lovely ladies you can place your orders with.
from our souls.
I have been trying to study Japaneese and I have been CRYING………….. Big sigh!
The new album will be released this fall.
Happy Friday! Hope you all are ready for a wonderful weekend! Emmy is headed to Gramma's tomorrow to see a ballet of Sleeping Beauty. Chris is away golfing with his brother for the weekend, so I have a date with my favorite boy, Sawyer. We are going to head to his soccer game, have some lunch, and we are going to have a glorious afternoon together. We plan to play Star Wars Trouble, take Jake for a long walk, and then snuggle on the couch for a movie night. Sunday morning he and I are going to try out another church where some of his schoolmates worship, so we are looking forward to that! I am super excited for some one on one time with my little man.
Tomato - 1 medium or 2 small chopped
If I contemplate all this too long it makes my head spin. I get the same feeling when looking upwards into a clear night's sky contemplating my place in the universe. My head lightens when my mind takes to places of such vast wonderment. As a human, I don't have the capability to fully comprehend the universe. As a mother, I can't fully comprehend how we are no longer the center of his.
The account in Acts takes up with the last day the Lord spent on earth and His last words to the apostles. To introduce this birth of history it would be right to see some of the infallible proofs of the physical resurrection of Jesus. He writes, “He shewed himself alive. . .by many infallible proofs.” What were some of these proofs?
petitions and every sharp
Loraine Angela Razon
The answer is: Yes, wholeheartedly yes!
You are not even aware of these thoughts, consciously, and they affect your success. It can be very difficult to discover these limitations by yourself. You can, but when you are caught up in your way of doing things – you accept them as being the only way to do it.
"My kids have never really seen me smile. My husband says he misses it,"
The week has flown by again and at Sugar Creek Hollow we have another SHABBY CHIC/VINTAGE/PRIMATIVE challenge for you......there were lots of lovely entries for last week well done to you all.
In case you didn’t know, the cheddar bagel is a plain bagel that has been baked with cheddar cheese on top. The cheese gets nice and crispy on top and then congeals and pools in the centre of the bagel. It’s absolutely delicious. Also, there is more than one take on a cheesy-esque bagel. There is also the Asiago bagel, which, I don’t care for as much because the cheese is far too overwhelming during those two middle bites, but it’s a worthy substitute when the bakery runs out of cheddar bagels. Cheddar bagels are delicious. It doesn’t matter if you eat them 6 hours after a trip to the bakery, 1 day later, or 2 days after the fact (though, they never last longer than 6 hours in my household, they’re too darn good), you don’t have to reheat them, slice them down the middle and put cream cheese on them or anything. Just take from the bag you stored them in and have a big, healthy bite. They ooze of cheese and happiness. It’d be divine bliss to have one with a cup of Starbucks (must be why there’s a Starbucks right across the street from the bakery), honestly.
“Since my D-1 clock is up, I was speaking to some D-2 schools about playing for them but it was too late to apply there as well so for the time being I will train here in Hawaii and get ready for Pro Day,” he said.
Two bros from Home Town Hero hooked up with Audiovent's drummer and made some funkay music together in 2006, resulting in one of the few quintessential pop/rock/funk albums of the Noughties. Sounds pretty good, capiche?
at my blog 50 times since yesterday morning. I told her I was
His last really good day was my wedding. He died four months later.
Make sure it is just the 2 of you. If his mates are over, it probably won’t be as romantic as you had hoped.
I love these cookies...they have some different ingredients in them and the taste wonderful!
*I used apricot nectar, because it's the closest thing I could find, and although I only needed a half-cup, it came in a little six-pack. I figure I'll use the rest of it in other marinades.
So, what is the process of becoming a dog trainer? Who do you talk to, what school do you enroll in? Keeping in mind that the field of dog training is not regulated, extreme caution is warranted when choosing an educational route. Some of the best trainers are self-taught. They start by training their own dogs, then the dogs of family, friends and neighbors. They read the latest and greatest training books, they attend seminars. Then they begin taking paid clients.
Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE my job. Love. And I ADORE my students. ADORE. And I never complain about any of it, because I love it all. But when some douchebags who have never done this job complains about how we’re overcompensated, well then, objectively, there’s a lot to complain about, and I could go on. So please stop me or I’ll have a hernia.
Looking forward to the slew of holidays (Haloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years) that are coming up sooner than expected.
For Brothers & Sisters Who Chose Life – When Death Was Not an Option – Choreopoem mashup of Ntozake Shange’s for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf and Keith Antar Mason’s …for black boys who have considered homicide when the streets were too much…. This week: Friday and Saturday 8:00, Sunday 2:00. Continues through April 22. Farrison-Newton Building, NCCU Campus, Durham.
Translation: Ask the new people you meet about themselves. When in a group or at a party, listen carefully to the conversation. See where you might be able to jump in. It may be something as simple as an exclamation, “You’re kidding me!” that gets the ball rolling.
23 pause 0:55
The prosecution, which followed a Customs seizure, indicates that, while the public authorities in many countries are often reluctant to utilise public resources in order to enforce private rights, the Spanish authorities have shown themselves to be decisive in not only securing conviction but resisting the appeal.
Hello readers new and old! Some of my favorite or most remarked upon posts the past two years of FFIMS, w/commentary.Somewhat emphasizing the early stuff, when I was really trying to essay, some of the oomph or viscera at least or feeling behind it going into the book Heroines, out in September.
Grrr...
So what does this work cover? As the publisher's web blurb indicates:
A little bit vintage with a touch of Grunge..
I thought about this a lot on one of my recent visits to see my family, as I revisited my old stomping grounds and supermarkets I used to shop in. In the middle of the day, the suburban grocery stores were so vast and empty of shoppers, the air conditioning blasting through the sliding front doors as we entered, the shopping carts tremendous, and the aisles mostly filled with lots of processed foods I never knew existed. Our little markets don't have room for the plethora of prepackaged crap out there, so they need to be discerning too.
Nellie's photograph is my image of what an ideal summer should be (I've overused 'perfect' so I can't possibly use it again!)
First, Dr. King relies heavily upon the idea that we love our enemies because God or Jesus loves them. At the core of these assertions, I believe, is not any sort of construct about God being a personality or a father figure or Jesus his sole manifestation in the flesh, but the more fundamental truth of human unity. The more fundamental idea that we members of this human species are brothers and sisters, children of the same universe. The more fundamental idea that our similarities are greater than our differences and that we ultimately struggle for the same things: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Like The Shard it aims for the new elitism – “a rich mix of slick residential apartments, exclusive retail, extensive office space, boutique hotel, private spa, a hi-tech automated car park and the city’s first rooftop restaurant reside.” Upmarket is the American term which refers to what we would in England describe as vulgar: money without taste.
There are good arguments for and against reforming the upper chamber. Many are opposed to the very principle of an unelected House of Parliament – a practice present in only 15 other countries worldwide. Others are concerned that an elected second house would result in US senate-style gridlock, and highlight the good – if mostly invisible – work of peers like Jane Campell and Dee Doocey in opposing the Government’s regressive welfare and legal aid cuts. Some like Polly Toynbee have called for the abolition of the House altogether.
Khavi Mavodze writes (second picture below) : “The World (cup) is over please foreigners leave our country and take your brother Perreira along, we don’t care even if his bank account is loaded with South African money, as for you ref, be warned, xenophobia is our first name…’ Percy Masete agrees, writing: ‘if we don’t make it to the next round, all the foreigners must go…’
What seems to be the problem?
Make the moment,
Although there is no charge for this chart, a donation to the MS Trust for this chart would be appreciated. Pennies will do - and you can make a donation by clicking here
This year, the girls are coming to my house because they haven’t yet visited me in my new place. We plan to hit a nearby outlet mall and take a float trip on the river. I’m going to cook something really yummy for them and show them the sights in our scenic new home, and I’m sure the seven of us will camp out in my den until the wee hours laughing and being girls.
For spicy, add the grated Serrano to the lemon juice - blend well - with a whisk or a hand blender/mixer. Then add all your ingredients.
You might even subscribe to an online archive service that automatically backs up your computer data on a regular basis. These are fine for some people, but they can be very expensive, and you have to make sure your computer is turned on and online when the regularly scheduled backup takes place. You also have to remember to renew your annual subscription to this kind of service or guess what? Your photos will be deleted from their storage space for non-payment.
Headed for the historic town of Richmond (about 30 minutes out of Hobart in the direction of the airport).
We are bringing our workout gear and are hoping for a few trail runs while we're there!
It’s quiet, very quiet. Still there is no one else around; most are off on summer holidays as I have these milestone moments. I know the world should and does carry on; I am but a speck, a colourful speck but a speck all the same in a vast wilderness of people, strangers. I cannot sleep, every morning, or night I wake at around 3am. This morning I just lay there trying to rationalise my fear. I have given up my job, how will I live? How will I pay the mortgage, have electrolysis, pay, pay, pay, do, do, do! Then I realised that it was all taking place anyway, it had a slight beat now, a pulse, a life outside and beyond my fear. I just lay there and planned outfits, haircuts, hair colour, shoes, boots, I closed my eyes and for the first time there I was standing in front of me looking just fine. Like a proud forty plus woman who had a career, style and would soon have a vagina. I watched me walk through my life, teaching, shopping, and laughing. I realised that as long as I kept breathing it would be fine, the morning would come, I would be tired and I would get up and face the day and be one step closer to me. Breathing allows the pulse of this thing to beat with a newly acquired regularity, my transformation has calmed down; relaxed I slept.
because they had shown me.............
Describing a crime so vast is ugly work, to open this ghastly casket is to expose a massive rank and sulphurous morass of tangled conspiracies, lies and plots, some dating back two centuries or more, mingling with others which are far more recent. There are many half formed, ill conceived which have been long abandoned, but others, chilling in their cold hearted and deliberate brilliance, still gnaw away at the substance and foundations of the common and ancient prey. To look too deeply into what is taking place is to glimpse an evil in the souls of our fellow men which is not easy or comfortable to contemplate, and it for that reason too that I have chosen to put this subject to one side for a while.
The mystery is also largely rendered irrelevant by the sense that the film is really exploring the distorting effects of memory, the ways in which memory can lie and obscure rather than revealing the truth. Resnais is concerned with the selectivity of memory, and for much of the film several key scenes are occluded, perhaps because Claude is on some level subconsciously directing the images that flash before his eyes. At other times, it seems like his memory is rebelling against the staid confines of reality, creating surreal disjunctions and weird interludes that suggest that not only can memory lie, it can go mad.
The stern lifeboats, four on the port and four on the starboard side, had already left the ship. One of the first boats to leave carried only 12 people, Sir Cosmo and Lady Duff Gordon, and 10 others. Most of the boats were loaded with about 40 to 45, with the exception of the last few to go, which were loaded to full capacity.
Grace be to you and peace, from God: our Father, and The LORD Jesus Christ.
Fish Girl, who now knows that the Fools are from the past, teaches them to adjust to modern life. Anyway, the episode is ending which means it’s time for a cliffhanger. Because this drama is full of contrivances, Park Ha’s stepmom gets her to help empty out Tae Yong’s room. This means she gets to drag Crown Prince along with her. Which means that somehow, he gets to go into the house and into room and gets shocked when he sees one of Micky’s DBSK posters. Oh noes! Not only is Crown Princess in the modern world, so is he!
Chick Gandil - Chino
So um yeah:
Cox plays Avery Ludlow, a reclusive widower who lives a quiet life of fishing and relaxing with dog Red. During one fateful fishing trip, Ludlow and Red happen across a trio of delinquent youths who attempt to rob the old man. Out of spite, the most vicious of the kids (Fisher) shoots Red dead in the head. Seeking justice, Ludlow finds the boys' respective parents and appeals for them to do the right thing. The brats deny everything and the parents simply dismiss poor Ludlow. Still though, the old chap doesn't go as Harry Brown as one might expect. This is no average old-bloke-on-the-rampage movie.
The Bloomington brewery has six beers on draft. They are available for sampling and growler fills (a growler is a container, usually glass, that is filled off of draft lines for at-home consumption; they generally come in 64 ounce containers, but some places have 32 ounce as well). Kegs are also available for sale. Pints of their beer are sold only on Sundays and Mondays.
To make sure this book holds together and is a durable storage solution, I used the Unibind Wire Binding Machine. It's very easy to use and heavy duty...the bind will last. In the photo below you'll see me punching the holes for the wires...the machine has adjustable die cutting pins that allow for a variety of sizes and wires. It's very useful and versatile.
TD: One of the benefits of being a member of EFactor is that you’re connected with all kinds of specialist within one mouse click. Being a member of a group of likeminded people means it is easy to share your skills, knowledge and expertise and you can expect the same from other members. Executive coaching can be an accelerator of your business growth as well as your personal development. I’m always willing to share and support whenever I can. When my input leads to a desire to sign up to a more intensive and tailor made coaching program, all the better. That’s how I make a living. Since my clients report a ROI of 629%, they are making a better living from it as well.
John McCain said “If Congress does not act, American taxpayers will continue to be exposed to the enormous risk that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose to the housing market, the overall financial system, and the economy as a whole.” PDF of Congressional Record (center column)
I believe that “less” actually is “more” so strongly that if you don’t anticipate discovering your spouse has been leading a double life, is heading to prison and that the U.S. Marshalls are going to help you “clean out” and “declutter” your life of “things” in the very near future, I highly recommend you do it on your own— although perhaps not to the extent my life was “decluttered”! (lol)
“Trying not to mess up that bod huh?” She looked me up and down like a piece of cake at a Weight Watchers convention. “Why did you come through the window?”
d. Ryan Reynolds after his transformation
Here it is closed. I just used sew-on velcro.
Paymar has been a strong advocate of gun control, socialized health care and of measures to combat domestic violence. The last is a very worthy cause, but is one often hi-jacked by feminists and socialists to extract money from government and foundations and to denigrate men and masculine institutions.
Wander around an empty New York City in the company of Will Smith and his doggy. Play golf on an aircraft carrier and talk to a shop dummy while picking up a film at a deserted Blockbuster. You'd be better off reading the book for a better ending (the mutants are now normal society and he is the monster). Best bit of the film is Will singing to his dog.
LINK UP YOUR $10 CRAFT OR RECIPE! Please play fair and copy the Ten Buck Tuesday button to your blog when you link up! The link-up will be open until next Monday at 11:59pm (EST)! No shops or main pages; please link up the specific post of your project.
About ten minutes later, a very nicely dressed young adult approached us wearing suit, I thought, “well he may not have parents with him, but this kid is ready to represent himself.”
But these chemicals are also particularly potent hormone disrupters. And approximately 76 percent of the fragrances tested in the Not So Sexy report contained at least one of them.
Ryker had his first baseball game today. I’m not super into sports, but any opportunity to get amazing pictures I will jump right in. I don’t mean to self absorbed when I say god-damn this is a great picture.
I look at her and see that she was the exterior wall of the fortress that protected me from a lifetime of pain. She was the buffer. She’s the one who stepped in and took all of the hits, and absorbed all of the shocks and insults. She’s the one who stepped onto the plane and flew across the country to take care of whichever loved one was dying. She always found a way even when a way seemed impossible. She not only took care of me, but the entire world she knew. She’d gotten oh so very tired. It’s an exhaustion that I still feel. It was a terribly thankless job. She carried all of the pain and kept me smiling a fake smile, and moving through life in the best, muddled, way that I could.
Passwords
You think it is just beginning,
A recent find by Richard K. covers several Christian Endeavor subjects. Bible study is certainly one. So is prayer; and the famous evangelist and Christian Endeavor influence Dwight L. Moody wrote on the importance of prayer meetings in his title Golden Counsels in his chapter, “How to Have a Good Prayer Meeting’ (D. L. Moody. Golden Counsels. Boston: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1899, pp. 27-33).
We found all three elements at The Alchemist on Brunswick Street, Fitzroy.
Happy revising!
I am hearing Seidner ads on the radio, the ones featuring Patty Berg but so far I am not hearing any compelling reason why I should support Seidner. Just feel good stuff. It is not enough.
13.Acceptance
“You should have gone there yesterday while the footy was on,” he smugged.
Because Mersault has become an object of derision for the crowd, he understands that they do not fully grasp his particular humanity, his agency. For them, he is merely a vessel into which to pour their malign engagement. The crowd, unlike either Mersault or the ‘benign indifference’ of the universe with which he feels so closely bonded, is intensely aroused and judgemental. They have found a type of meaning in directing their anger towards a person, an idea – even if it is a false one. He, and the universe in which he has finally found a brotherhood, has been fatally misunderstood.
We began our journey to Fairyland in Keswick (KEZ-ick) in the North Lake District. This is how the world looked out of our hotel window when we awoke. Not very auspicious when it rained on and off all day the day before and then here all that sogginess is again. But then again, the misty mountains look otherworldly. What awaits us in those hills?
I am still really into the DIY and thrifting mood…maybe to do with the creativity and the fun of the hunt, but anyways I stumbled across this video on YouTube and I so need to make myself a pair! I know that I will have to find a pair of cowboy boots in my size at the thrift store (easier said then done, methinks), but so fun and I do love booties…yay!
-Drain the water and squeeze out the excess water.Keep aside.
The North End Neighbours, who have appealed the matter being heard before OMB chair Harold Goldkind, says it doesn’t. The group, through their lawyer Herman Turkstra, want speed limit reductions from 50 kilometres an hour to 30 km/h on Burlington Street East, Wellington Street, Ferguson Avenue, John Street and James Street, a redesignation of Bay Street North from collector to local road status and other traffic measures to safeguard the neighbourhood’s 1,200 children.
2. No flour added to thicken the jam
( a salt scrub dries out our skin...its salt, makes sense right :-)
Outside food sources that attract rodents include garbage, dog and cat food, dog feces, birdseed, and fruits or berries that have fallen to the ground. Take away their sources of food outside, and rodents will look for another neighborhood to live. Pick up fruit and vegetables in your yard. A honeycomb can feed hundreds of mice all winter, so carefully remove any beehives in the immediate area. Birds are messy eaters, which is especially helpful to rodents. So quit feeding the birds for the duration of the infestation. If you’re feeding the squirrels; you’re also feeding rodents. If at all possible, feed your pets indoors. If you must feed your pets outside, remove their food 30 minutes after serving. Otherwise, whatever you’re pet doesn’t eat, rodents will. Since rats are nocturnal, feed your outdoor pet well before dark.
Catalog Number:1541 AS
Top 50 aka #11-50 (boys: 19, girls: 8)
With the NFL draft just days away, highly valued quarterback prospects certainly don't want their names associated with Leaf.
Firstly, I managed to do a full seven days of morning pages and the 2hr Artist Date that I was so stressed about. In fact, I managed to find several opportunities to date my inner artist throughout the week so that's proven that I do have available time and I can be more productive if I choose to take that time for my creativity. Nobody died. Nobody starved to death. The house didn't fall down. Mr W didn't leave me. It was okay.
I can get tickets for Carmen On Tap once they start Actually Advertising them (closer to July, when the next show runs), and take my girlfriend out for a Fabulous Evening. (There will be primping. Oh, yes. There will be primping).
One autumn, a few years after we met a change came over my friend. She stopped calling and wouldn’t answer my calls or return them. Her daughters did the same to my daughters. If I went to her house, she wouldn’t answer the door. But if we saw each other socially and I spoke to her, she seemed her normal witty self. I wasn’t sure if she was avoiding me or if I was imagining it.
For the first two rounds, this one was all Riley. For ten-plus minutes, Riley backed Griffin down, took him down and hung all over him, brutalizing him with ground and pound. At the end of the second round, Riley very nearly got the finish by way of a rear-naked choke.
Readers acquainted with Anaya s fiction will find themselves in familiar territory here. Randy Lopez, like all Anaya s protagonists, is on a spiritual quest. But both those new to and familiar with Anaya will recognize this philosophical meditation as part of a long literary tradition going back to Homer, Dante, and the Bible. Richly allusive and uniquely witty, Randy Lopez Goes Home presents man s quest for meaning in a touching, thought-provoking narrative that will resound with young adults and mature readers alike.
It seems like yesterday that I applied for the Graphic 45 DT hoping with everything crossed that I would make it to the next round - simply so I could do the best I could and post it to them to show them! I was so very proud of myself that I did make it to the next round and secretly hoped and hoped that I would see my name up there when the time came. I did try to talk myself out of it - looking at the list of names I was sure that was going to be as far as I made it. Off to Bali we went on a special family holiday to celebrate hubby's birthday... won't say how old hehe! And it was also my youngest daughters birthday too whilst over - on 2nd April....... Being on the other side of the world to the Graphic 45 headquarters means that I didn't get the news until the morning of Chionia's birthday - we had woken up in the hotel room - I had booted up the laptop and connected to the internet (which in Bali was slow rofl!) and watched while Chionia opened her present - Hubby asked if I knew and my reply was no - not sure if I did want to look - my eldest daughter then said well I will then to which I replied no I will and did and couldn't believe what I read - there was my name... and I sat there in stunned silence watching birthday girl playing with her toys and then getting ready for a day at Waterbom park all whilst thinking OMG I did it.....
You'll notice though, that while being an Avenger is something that Brian would clearly love to do, he does initially turn it down. You can see the disappointment on his face, but out of a sense that he might be letting people down - his team-mates, the people of Britain maybe. That's just how he is. Its a key point to his character. He's a very personable human being - something which was made pretty clear throughout Captain Britain and MI13. Despite his posh boy roots he remains a man of the people, and he's connected to them on a level few other National Superheroes could ever possibly know. Because that connection actually is a physical thing. It part and parcel of his very powers.
And if you just don’t want to be bothered with any of that, and you don’t mind using an external service, you could try using Bill Simon’s Google Voice-SIP gateway (the linked article shows how to use it with an Obihai device, but if you read through it you will see it also shows that the gateway can be used with Asterisk directly).
can be seen in his reflection
V. If We Fail to Act
I can only imagine what you can come up with using this pattern...
in left side picture,you can download from www.joyiphone.net.
b. Books
Keep, unless it was really rubbish, then it’s off to Oxfam. Never ever ever throw away, ever – it’d feel like throwing away a living thing. Ugh.
While I'd entered shows before, entering The Duchess was like walking into a gun fight armed with a Uzi. I knew she was a knock out, and wholecloth quilts generally do well because they don't have a lot to complete against.
‘Mummy, there is I took it out of my bottom and put it in there myself’. Ok, I was listening now, I let the water out and yes she was right, there was poo in there and I had been scrubbing the kitchen floor, with poo water!
blanket of clouds,
Ground Turkey/Apple/Carrot Meatballs (serves 4-6)
Walker is a residential suburb just east of the centre of Newcastle. Walker's name is a hybrid of Old English and Viking Norse, "Wall-kjerr", where "kjerr" is Norse for "marshy woodland". The name therefore means "marshy woodland by the wall", where the wall in question is of course Hadrian's Wall.
After changing her shoes I spotted another store across the street we could just walk to, so I picked her up, closed the hatchback, and had the immediate sensation that can only be described as "Oh Fuck." After a quick check of my pockets, I peered into the hatchback where I saw, partially hidden by the word Ross and a pair of my daughter's shoes, my car keys. Not too old to remember where they were this time.
Sweet clover is valued for its medicinal uses because the flower contains coumarinic acids. Coumarin is the active ingredient in prescription anticoagulants (blood-thinning medications).
The prime minister eulogized his father as a man who knew “how to identify danger in time” — a quality, his father told him, “that our people lost while in exile.” Benzion also taught him to “face reality head on” and “draw the necessary conclusions.”
8. The Kinks "Have a Cuppa Tea" 3:42
I then inserted head pins through center of Lucite flowers with silver balls and attached to 1/8 ribbon for attached page maker..
Dr Seuss' How the Grinch stole Christmas ... Cartoon Network (east) ... 7:30 PM
Thank God that He has made you holy by the blood of Jesus. Resolve to follow Him today, allowing Him to make you holy.
Alexander still stared when she stalked towards him, transfixed by the sky-blue of her eyes, noticing the knife in her hands only because its blade had the same dangerous glint. Even her dress was blue, although now stained with dark spots of water. And yet, he never hand seen something more beautiful. Never mind her angry glare, the threateningly raised weapon or her rather dishevelled and untidy state. Had Alexander been old enough, he would have known that he was about to fall in love.
Sentiment - Wild Rose Studio
“Jump in and catch your baby,” my doula said to Lloyd and without thought he splashed in, not even thinking to check if his iPhone was in his pocket (luckily not). He took up position behind me and bumped my leg, and I warned him off touching the baby. There was a bit of a pause, and then baby turned and I was pushing and out he came.
Also, I don't think I have another teacup with such a highly "footed" saucer. From this angle, you can see the styling a bit better. There are no markings so I have no idea of the age or maker, but for only $6 I knew this hoochie mama of a teacup needed to come home with me!
19 May 12 – West Ham or Cardiff v Birmingham v Blackpool @ Wembley
“Strains on families.
1 gotcha
So the policies that cause the destruction of the family - policies the left adores - lead to what little evidence there is for the income inequality they complain about. I have a better idea: stop trying to destroy the family.
May 2nd is the feast of St. Athanasius (ca. 296-298 – 2 May 373) The 20th bishop of Alexandria, he was at the center of one of the greatest controversies to face the church. He was exiled 5 times by Roman emperors because of his stance for orthodoxy and he is also the first person to list the 27 books which make up the canon of the New Testament.
Tonight’s series opener is at 7:05 at Cheney Stadium, and the weather is supposed to be nice. If you can’t make it to the park, tune in on 850 AM in and around Tacoma, or listen via the online stream. Tacoma starts RHP Jeff Marquez (1-0, 6.00) against Fresno LHP Brian Burres (0-1, 4.76).
Tomato Sauce, 1 tablespoon
I wouldn't want to turn the clock back. I'm grateful that there is legislation that protects people from discrimination and recognises that their personal circumstances should be accommodated, wherever possible. I'm glad that Miss Snellham can now expect compassionate leave if Hiss Havering's mother dies.
The only drawback is that your nails take quite a while to dry, even with the drying drops. This took me a while to get used to, having switched from Seche Vite which dries almost instantaneously. And also, the base coat bonds pretty strongly to your nail, so no picking at your polish! I made that mistake, and ended up with some peeling.
Carrots (chopped)
Obama calls the Iraq war “a botched and ill-advised U.S. military incursion into a Muslim country.” He is also protective of civil rights for Muslims in the U.S.
So, ultimately, my take on content mills is this: if you're going to write for them, do it. Build up an online portfolio, and move on. Use content mills as a stepping stone, and don't get stuck there forever. Like me, you might even want to keep a decent one in your back pocket to fill in the gaps between accounts once you build your business.
Apples are a great slow-digesting carbohydrates source with numerous beneficial antioxidants. This incredible fruit contains a compound that boost muscle strength, fat loss, and endurance, it’s called polyphenols. That is why apples are a great pre-workout food that will help you train longer and harder.
How could Paul expect God to bless this trip and his stay in Rome if he did it in the flesh? It had to be God’s work and it had to be God’s way. Otherwise he could not expect God to provide. Furthermore if the apostle had prayed for the Lord to work it all out and then went about to make his own plans it would grieve the Holy Spirit.
Now, I wish to sit here alone, fill my ears with pleasure, and sip my wine.
I made the tag by using the path feature in SCAL and then printing instead of cutting. I'm trying to teach myself to write on a path using MS Word or some other program but I haven't worked it out. This seems to be doing the job so far.
Next stop is the blacksmith’s. It’s time to sell-off some of these goodies I’ve been collecting. I meet Beirand the blacksmith, and I’m happy to report that he is a much better blacksmith than Rustleif. Of course the only criteria I am judging him by is whether he offers me any fetch quests. He doesn’t. And just like that, I don’t hate him.
If you want to go to Liverpool Beer Festival (16 - 18 February), you need to have your wits about you. There are postal applications with different rules for members of Liverpool Branch, members of other Branches and non-members, and there is the allocation for those who work the festival. Finally, there’s the famous queuing for tickets on a freezing December morning.
Meanwhile, cook the quinoa according to the package directions. Fold in the parsley, 2 teaspoons of the oil, ½ teaspoon salt, and ⅛ teaspoon pepper.
Still, forming a clear-cut opinion isn’t easy. Ratner is building subsidized housing in a city where there’s a cruel 3 percent vacancy rate.
After seeing this puzzling phenomenon, I asked my husband who grew up in the Central Valley, if he had ever seen plastic over the vines. He said no, which didn’t answer my questions. After a series of guesses, we concluded that the green plastic may be like those little green bags we all put our veggies inside to keep them from ripening too soon. Or, maybe, the plastic makes a mini-greenhouse and the grapes will mature faster.
Efforts have been made to place animals in as natural an environment as possible. Ultimately, however, the overriding feeling I have in any zoo is still one of exhibits of animals in confined spaces. Some argue that if conservation is the motive, money would be better spent in open wildlife sanctuaries and contributions made towards the animals' native environments in their home countries.
I stake my life on this claim. Why? Because Jesus staked His life on it! When He
So Day 2 consisted of the length of South Dakota. It's amazing how the scenery just gets so much better once you cross the state line. I adore this state so much!
Repeal these Islamic laws (sharia) and begin prosecuting the Muslims who are murdering Christians to the fullest extent of Western law. That or we should destroy their nuclear facilities and cut all aid (under the next President, because Hussein ain't going to do jack.)
You are Wonderful.
There are two types of Commitment: Commitment that is unconscious and manifested by your actions rather than what you verbally intend, and commitment that is consciously and deliberately planned for and chosen. The unconscious commitment is the one you may not be aware of but everyone else is by your actions around it.
Because this way of life—devouring, degrading, and insane—cannot continue. For “sustainable” to mean anything, we must embrace and then defend the bare truth: the planet is primary. The life–producing work of a million species are literally the earth, air, and water that we depend on. No human activity—not the vacuous, not the sublime—is worth more than that matrix. Neither, in the end, is any human life. If we use the word “sustainable” and don’t mean that, then we are liars of the worst sort: the kind who let atrocities happen while we stand by and do nothing.
Intriguing. Particularly since it’s not obvious to me that the naming convention makes sense. Why would it make less or no sense to name a destroyer after a president and an aircraft carrier after a state?
Rumours have appeared about a console, made by Valve. Nothings clear yet and all is just speculation, but some things are said to be true. For example, the specs of the console have been "revealed", having a Core i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM, and an NVIDIA GPU. This seems to be true, because an employee of Valve posted a tweet on the 2nd November last year, with a picture.
For the country in its turmoil
He went into the tunnel.
Now, twenty-five years later, Amanda and Dawson are summoned back to Oriental for the funeral of Tuck Hostetler, the mentor who once gave shelter to their high school romance. Neither has lived the life they imagined . . . and neither can forget the passionate first love that forever changed their lives. As Amanda and Dawson carry out the instructions Tuck left behind for them, they realize that everything they thought they knew -- about Tuck, about themselves, and about the dreams they held dear -- was not as it seemed. Forced to confront painful memories, the two former lovers will discover undeniable truths about the choices they have made. And in the course of a single, searing weekend, they will ask of the living, and the dead: Can love truly rewrite the past?
and now I'm finding it to be the same with my own children.
2.Deidra B
56. Brown Liquor -- John Anderson
gone into the stones of the building.)
I can't wait to get down and dirty with these babies in my kitchen! Ben has been eyeing them since I opened the package, and I keep expecting to walk into the kitchen and find him guiltily grating and zesting his heart out. I'm so glad I got these, and I know they will be used frequently. They are great quality, so I know they'll be around for a long long time. I would absolutely recommend these to anyone looking for a zester! The shape and size makes these so easy to use, plus it's super fun that some of them have color options for the handles! Who doesn't like to accessorize in their kitchen?! You can find them here at the CSN kitchen store!
Everything came together wonderfully. The cake was moist and full of flavor, very similar to banana bread, and the topping was sweet, crunchy and delicious. It was a bit thicker than the cookbook picture, but I blame myself and my extra liberalness with the nuts and coconut. My only piece of advice: ice cold milk is to this cake as fine wine is to a fancy steak dinner. It's a necessary complement. Or a cup of Joe, of course.
99 11. “American Aid and Greek Tyranny: A Memorandum Upon Being Expelled from Greece as a Foreign Correspondent.” Congressional Record, vol. 116, p. 42624; Daily Record, p. E10520 (December 18, 1970); also, Greek Report, London, England, September-December 1970, p. 8.
To match, a pair of bootees using the Saartje's Bootees pattern, also free on Ravelry and the third time I've made them. The straps seem a little fiddly but are actually quite straightforward to make, and hopefully should be relatively secure. You may note my use of a neutral colour (it's a lovely soft merino wool) with the blue buttons, added when I found out the baby's gender. Clever, huh?
And apparently, most of my posts have a disclaimer of some kind, lol.
Best bloated civil service
What was your inspiration for becoming a teacher?
Next, take steps to help keep honest people honest. Use sign-in/sign-out sheets to track who’s been in the server room. (You do have a server room with a locked door, right? If not, re-read Law #3). Implement a “two person” rule when installing or upgrading software. Diversify management tasks as much as possible, as a way of minimizing how much power any one administrator has. Also, don’t use the Administrator account—instead, give each administrator a separate account with administrative privileges, so you can tell who’s doing what. Finally, consider taking steps to make it more difficult for a rogue administrator to cover his tracks. For instance, store audit data on write-only media, or house System A’s audit data on System B, and make sure that the two systems have different administrators. The more accountable your administrators are, the less likely you are to have problems.
On Bride’s Eve in the Islands young girls made a female figure from a sheaf of corn, kept in reverence from the previous year’s harvest. They decorated it with colored shells and sparkling crystals, together with snowdrops and primroses and other early spring flowers and greenery. An especially bright shell, symbol of emerging life, or a crystal was placed over its heart, and called ‘Bride’s guiding star’. They dressed themselves in their own finery and carried their effigy through the village on Bride’s Feast Day to invoke the light.
This is an odd one. Good appearance and body, but hollow despite the initial jolt from the hops. I think it's mitigated by the adjuncts, and so it makes me think that this is what an overly hopped Budweiser would taste like.
If you want to download it, you can find P*Tag on Amazon for only $2.99 (and no, you don't have to own a Kindle. You can download the software for Kindle Books right on to your computer, free and easy as pie):
12. Fantasy (Christiansen, v. d. Knaap, Buschman) 3:45
Secondly, they don’t know exactly why the methods seem to work. None of the researchers have medical expertise on autism.
2. I’ve been kissed (on the cheek) by Michael Damien.
Mirrors lie to me
3. Lilly Pulitzer “Kelley” Dress Off to the races in seersucker with tiny horse shoe accents. Lilly does it yet again and we love her for it!
Williams explained that by ridding the area of the cats that had been spayed or neutered, new stray or feral cats would move in and inhabit the same area.
“Religion is the root of all the mess in this world and the most racist, sexist , discriminatory vice of the society and the viral root cause of all evil in this world. Society will rot if this doesn’t end. Religion is a refuge ground for all the unscrupulous people, politicians,business men with number do ka paisa, criminals and many such others. I don’t think I need their company. It is a tool for gender inequality mainly oppression of women. I am perplexed at how even eman­ci­pated women pre­fer to stay within their reli­gious faiths and strug­gle against oppres­sion, and not choos­ing to dis­card religion? Glad you discarded it long back. ” He heaved a sigh of relief.
Flashbacks, used too often, give the reader the feel of being trapped with a sixteen-year-old learning to drive a stick-shift. Just get going forward, then the car (story) dies and rolls backward.
I feel a bit like a "debbie downer" with the end of this post, but that's how my May went! I'm making a smallish dent in my list, learning new things about myself, and trying to improve on my faults!
I thought perhaps a piano.
Continuing a theme of my time at home, somewhat, you can wish Sherpa a very Happy 2nd Birthday! She's marginally less silly than when she as a little kitten, and falls off things less, but it would still be a stretch to call her intelligent. She is, however, very active - being athletic and stupid, she doesn't fit in particularly with the family Thomas... but we love her to bits. I can't find her at the mo (she loves hiding) so here's an old picture.
“Plus her voice isn”t weird and scary, and doesn’t remind me of bad dreams about a robot that I had when I was ten, which made me wet the bed for two years.”
After we finish up I gather all the information up and stalk towards to lift. And promotly fall over into it. Jamie immediate dashes in with a concerned "Are you okay Katie?" and helps me up.
Social media case studies are incredibly valuable IF you can learn how and why social media worked in that particular instance, and apply that lesson to your own efforts. Otherwise you'll always be chasing the 'next big thing', and never quite catch it.
Preheat the oven to 400*F. Butter a baking sheet and lay as many slices down as possible without any touching. Place a spring of dill or another herb leaf down per slice, then top with another potato slice and press gently to ensure no air is in the center. Top with parchment paper, a second baking sheet, and a heavy pan. Cook for 20 min until lightly brown and crispy.
What is mysticism? How is it different to spirituality? And why is mysticism important at this moment in time?
Once the cookie cutter was ready (it took him about 5 minutes to make this one!), I made my favorite sugar cookie recipe from "Pretty Party Cakes" and cut out my Superman logo cookies. After the cookies had baked and cooled, I piped the Superman logo detail in black royal icing, and the filled it in with red and yellow royal icing.
Thank you again for all your love and support
aside swiftly
I could easily see this being required reading for a Philosophy 101 course because of the simplistic style of writing and the sheer depth of Vandenburg’s arguments about the mind. This book is meant to stimulate thought and it does, whether you’ve come to his same conclusions already or not.
A sweet piece indeed!
The weather got cool earlier in the week and reminded me that winter was on its way. My one happiness regarding this season is the fact that I can start wearing my hoodies again because they’re my favourite clothes. I am super grateful for the comfort and warmth they provide over the chilly months.
So when this dream hit… I was shocked. Flabbergasted. Honestly!!! My love life has become so bland that I don’t even have fantasy material?!? What about Brad Pitt in Thelma & Louise?
I swirl.
Scratchin’ an’ scrabblin’ wif vishus claws,
Being somewhat more familiar with the treacherous slippery clay I went on ahead, still in silence and firmly grasping my lump of flint. Whilst memories of founding Fathers (and Mothers) had dominated much of the day, on this particular climb it was memories of future torch bearers which stole my attention, those ancestors who are yet to be, who will one day also walk this perilous and crooked path to further Roy’s work and his legacy.
In the 38 degree pouring rain/sleet.
Sombreros and Nacho Libre costumes are optional but highly encouraged…hope to see you all there as we wish Mike a safe journey and a quick return!
The Philippines will become the very first Asian Country to implement Rotavirus Vaccination in the EPI. Some of the countries that have Rotavirus Vaccine in the EPI include Australia, Austria, Brazil, Belgium, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, Germany, Mexico, Peru, South Africa, Bolivia, and Honduras.
By avoiding these common gestures associated with lying, we may learn to effectively lie. Keep in mind that these gestures, in and of themselves, do not indicate a liar. However, imagine a person who is rubbing their hands nervously, sitting back in a chair with locked ankles, maintaining very poor eye contact, and when you ask them a question, they lean further back and cover their mouth with their hand when they reply. This does not communicate an honest person. Sitting upright and slightly leaning forward with open hands resting on the table (fingers pointing out), shows a confident body and hand position. Paired with a good lie, this person becomes an effective liar.
4. Hip-Hop (Unreleased)
A French physicist named Lydéric Bocquet has published a mathematical description of stone-skipping1 (amongst other serious publications, he has also published a paper on cooking potato wedges and soon another one of his papers on ironing and the anatomy of wrinkles will be appearing in Soft Matter—needless to say I like this guy!). He calculates that the lift experienced by the stone is proportional to the square of the stone’s velocity. In other words, the faster the stone travels, the greater the lift. By playing around with maths, he came up with an expression that gave a critical velocity (i.e. a “speed limit”) for the stone. If the stone travelled at a velocity lower than this critical velocity, it would sink. In fact, the physics here is similar to that experienced by a water-skater. If a skater is travelling very slowly, he or she obviously can’t skate on the water and would sink.
When it was private interview time I was feeling some small nerves, sitting in the room with the other ladies and hearing them get called one by one really didn't help calm me either. Since I was from Wilber I was of course picked to go almost last for the private interviews. It's kind of hard to prepare for this one as they usually ask you off the wall questions. I can remember I was asked why I wanted to be the state queen and also what I would like to see started up as a new Czech program that would involve more youth. I think the most nervous part for me was when they asked me about some famous Czech Homolka guy, obviously I had no clue who they were talking about but I smiled and made it up.
“To approach the attainment of this highest level of development, the person should be able to live permanently in the subtlety of the Primordial Consciousness.
Now just because it’s a Prothean and its Day 1 DLC people are yelling and complaining that the game is now ‘no longer complete.’ And that the From Ashes DLC should be included day one on the disk. It appears people feel entitled to this content based on the early game script leaks that – without spoiling to much – included a Prothean character in the story.
It seems like hoards of mini rap supremas were hiding hungrily in Nicki Minaj’s wig closet – just waiting for her to depart to the dreaded abyss of Mainstream. The minute Minaj shook hands with the techno devil (David Guetta) her potential successors sprung out of the woodworks and thus began the battle for the crown of Rap Princess – the prime contenders being the likes of Iggy Azalea, Kreayshawn and Azealia Banks. The objects of my undying affection. Honestly, that wasn’t sarcasm.
What exactly is time? Is it just the ticking of one second into the next combined into groups to make a minute which marches on into hours, days, and weeks? Or is it something more fluid? Is time an investment which gives us moments to make a lasting change which will, in a sense, stop time?
I feel I should warn my more conservative readers (as if we're pretending that I'm not a conservative reader myself) about the F-bombs littered throughout the text and the occasional sex scene. Neither were graphic, however, and neither took away from my enjoyment or concluding opinion that after 11/22/63, you'd be hard pressed to find a person who doesn't like at least one novel by Stephen King.
And to the prestigious Gold Brewgie Nominations;
Pepper Spray Boogie by The Compulsive Gamblers
Hooray for Mr. D for finding the "roundtoit"!
Issued to: Rangers FC
I print the photos on prepared fabric purchased through ebay. I have not found very much difference between manufactures products. I have printed on organza, cotton and silk. The secret to the ink not running is to have a printer that uses ultrabrite inks. I have a Epson workforce 520 all in one. The results are consistent and I have not had any problems. I let my prints sit for 48 hours before removing them from the paper backing and pressing with an iron to set the ink.
Looks like the Soviet Cold War Era all over again, except this time the world isn’t going to allow any colonialism or proxy wars anymore, with Human Rights secure nations immune in any case. The Middle East looks like the last frontier and even then, those regions are increasingly peopled by eduicated people who will not tolerate any foreign incursions anymore. Palestine issue is the worst sideshow of course . . . such a small region of the world will not hold hostage 192 countries.
Hugs, Love and a "Bright"Bus on the Cheek!
So Bastian Schweinsteiger approached the spot. A goal would put Bayern through to the final. He made no mistake and converted the crucial spot-kick. Bayern won the shootout 3-1.
The Columbia River Crossing, as it is known, is outdated and slated to be replaced. Still, it is beautiful. We were fortunate enough to be there for the sirens to sound before the raising of a section of the bridge making way for a ship to pass through.
Next on the Hop is:
This one is my favorite.
I was planning on DIY-ing a headboard, but then I got this guy as a Christmas present!
Poke`mon Adjustment Fair Nintendo DS
I had recently realized I wanted to leave business and management consulting behind, and had begun creative writing again and other creative activities.
Keri: What are you doing here?
2-3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsely
Today, I took another class at Sur La Table. It was an “Italian Bread Workshop.” I LOVED it! I’ve made my own pizza dough, focaccia and other hand shape artisan breads for years. But today, I learned so much and I think and hope it will vastly improve what I was doing.
Napster does off deep discounts if pay by the year, which brings down the monthly cost to $4.17 for computers and $8.00 a month for computers and 1 mobile. I think a fairer pricing would be per login, no matter which device you used. Since I seldom listen on my iPod touch, I’m actually over-paying for Rhapsody, so I’m thinking of stepping down to a $4.99 plan at another service – except that the next consideration is number of songs in the library.
Please feel free to leave any additional good sources in the comments. Meanwhile, I offer my solidarity to the stateless Bidoons of Kuwait, and hope that the government and the Kuwaiti people will see the light before anyone else has to get hurt.
As lawgiver, He is all good.
I had some plain wooden craft blocks left from another project and decided to try something fun. I have been trying to come up with creative ways to teach my son to write. We are having lots of giggles with these.
step 3: sew!
Enlightenment and well-being
or full of argument.
Unaware you’d leave so soon, we should spend the years ahead more wisely.
49. You always tell me that you want to leave roughly 15-20 minutes before you actually want to leave. I don’t know why I still fall for it. Probably because you’re so cute.
After I wrote my first novel back in 2008 I had no idea how to take criticism – constructive or otherwise. I felt the need to constantly defend everything and take “the meanies” on. Not until I realized that people (namely other writers) online don’t know me, which means they’re not criticizing me…they’re criticizing my writing. BIG difference. Once I took my “but my writing is so good” jacket off and slathered up with a thick layer of “I can take this because it’ll make me a better writer” I saw through even the snarkiest comments and got something out of them.
Err, ok…where?…and when?
Judith x
in b’riyah….the world of thought/creation the rabbis ethan and joel coen didn’t just pull “the dude abides” out of thin air, you know. consider Psalm 102:26ff), which describes how the earth and the heavens are G’d's handiwork….”even all this will perish, but you will endure”. haDude abides. meditate on what this means for how you divide your intellectual time….are overinvested in that which will perish?
A Star Trek theme from Goldsmith that’s always in the shadow of his music for Star Trek: The Motion Picture but this is, in some ways, just as good as the title theme for the movie. Grand and epic it soars on the small screen. I’ve always thought though that the edit in the middle of this (original) version could have been done better.
Source: AMNRL
5) Cyclamen Pink
It serves an estimated population of over 639,000, approximately 21% of the total Welsh population?
Though I do not know her exact numbers, I can give a fairly accurate "guesstimate".
In the end, I was smiling, but I also felt bereft. It’s as if I invited Tyler over for a substantive meal, and she just dropped by for tea and sympathy.
I can remember seeing her stand in the kitchen, hands on hips, paused between steps, thinking, as she moved from the stove to the refrigerator and back. Her cooking was instinctive more than trained. But she knew she wasn’t an innovator. She stuck to the meals she knew best – hearty, simple, typically Southern-style dishes that would stick to your ribs and make tasty leftovers. (Fried potato cakes made for breakfast from leftover mashed potatoes were my favorite.)
When I got off the pills-- after a "detox" of about two months where all my hormone systems were scarily out of whack-- it felt like I had woken up. My head felt clearer. My emotional highs and lows were more tolerable. I felt good. A couple of months after that I was pregnant.
Here’s the truth about flouride. When bauxite is turned into aluminum, a highly toxic waste product is formed — flouride. After being fined repeatedly for dumping this waste into lakes and rivers, the aluminum industry publicized several obscure, inconclusive tests showing that flouride is good for the teeth. So now, instead of being fined, the aluminum companies are being paid to dump their waste product into municipal waters. This would be fine except for one minor detail. After the formative years, flouride conferes no benefits. In fact, it is implicated in heart disease and cancer.
I adore this never-ending freakshow of a city. It's a place that taught me to be comfortable and confident with who I am. I love moving between its various scenes, from hipsters to hippies to house kids to old school punk rockers, political activists, futurists, artists, scientists, students, burners, bohemians, surfers, cyclists, and tech-addled transplants who dream of changing the world. (Or at least: making a lot of money.) I love its Victorian charm, the grit of its industrial zones, the beauty of its Bay and ocean. The hills and the way the fog comes tumbling across the sides of Sutro, gliding across the valleys into the heart of the city.
The memory that he chose the life;
The current issue of the British Medical Journal cites five fears that can officially be crossed off the holiday worry list.
Me: What is the weather gonna be like tomorrow?
Reading: But during the night, the angel of the Lord opened the doors of the prison, led them out, and said,“Go and take your place in the temple area, and tell the people everything about this life.” (Acts 5:19-20)
One thing is the reactions against his poem. That is fine and well, I sincerely do believe that his poem and thoughts should be reacted to. Another thing is the demand to censure him or – as is the case now here in Israel, after Eli Yishai’s rather childish reaction – to prohibit him to enter.
That is always
Whenever I'm back home, I borrow tons of books and movies from the library and read them all night, every night - sleeping at dawn and waking past noon. Not the best habit, but I'm pretty comfortable with being somewhat nocturnal. So far, I've finished my little sister's favorite series, the Twilight books (which were surprisingly quite good), some foreign films like Volver and La Vie en Rose (with a brilliant Marion Cotilliard), and am moving onto the classics, including Funny Face (with Audrey Hepburn).
Thursday 29th March will be known as the ''Bradford Spring'' according to George ''the traitor'' Galloway, Galloway won an unprecedented so called victory over the Labour Party who incidentally have controlled this seat in Bradford West for over four decades, his landslide ''victory'' was the culmination of the Muslim vote, a staggering 18,341 votes, that's 56% of the actual turnout. Bradford is now a predominately a Muslim enclave, there is no wonder he got that many votes. George Galloway has in the past been a very colourful figure in British politics, he was booted out of the Labour Party in 2003 for what can only be called as his stance against Tony Blair and his stance on the war in Iraq and Afghanistan, Galloway went to Iraq and had a meeting with the then leader of Iraq Saddam Hussain, he also held rallies for ''free Palestine''. No less than 12 hours after Galloway was declared the winner, a lone Indigenous young man stood his ground and made his point and hurled eggs at Galloway and the office he was residing, whilst he was hurling these eggs, Galloway's supporters (Muslims) surrounded the young man and tried to forcefully move him away.
moment of tenderness
We’ve tried a few methods in our house to wash eggs but the one we like best is as follows:
The taste like sweet summer.
2. Are you still dealing with strong feelings of anger, rage, loss, anxiety, depression etc.?
Like slaves rowing to a distant land
I contacted WP twice, hoping for a speedy recovery. I didn’t want to move my blog or start from scratch; I’ve spent a lot of time developing this one. Fortunately, the powers that be felt my repentance, reviewed my blog, and reactivated it. It was shut down because it was flagged in an anti-spam check. While everything was dealt with promptly, I, and I’m sure all of you, would appreciate it if they reviewed the blogs flagged prior to deactivating them. It may have been routine on their end, but it caused a mini-heart attack on this end.
with the slightest promise of rain
Genre: Poetry
Food and cooking have always interested me, not in just the practical details but the anthropology of the kitchen.Food from all over the world,the sharing of food and the rich traditions connected with it.I was first entranced when I found European Peasant Cookery by Elizabeth Luard and I can thank her for intriguing me She introduced me to the staple food of Europe and many variations on a theme.
So the problem with America my friends, aside from our new impatience with any administration or any policy that takes more than six months to register a measurable improvement is this infantile desire to be lied to in place of an ugly truth, and the willingness to trade our safety and our future for just the right fantasy. Too many of us will buy into any lie, as long as the reality it promises let’s us get away with something. You can’t discuss policy with people who want to be lied to. You can’t have a conversation with someone who is lying about how they really feel, unless your goal is to waste your time. I don’t argue with Tea Baggers.
The administration downplays these findings. But the students who attend D.C. public schools are overwhelmingly black and poor, and the achievement gap has a particularly devastating impact on their communities. High school dropouts are eight times more likely than someone with a diploma to wind up behind bars. Some 60% of black male high school dropouts in their 30s have prison records. And nearly one in four young black male dropouts is in jail or juvenile detention.
For this landscape, for these amazing children that I share living space with, for their friends, for the village and its inhabitants, for the mountains, for the food, for the sunshine, for the warmth, for the life, for the unfolding of the journey.
1. Groovin’
Why worry about this trend? Because, Sandel argues, market values are crowding out civic practices. When public schools are plastered with commercial advertising, they teach students to be consumers rather than citizens. When we outsource war to private military contractors, and when we have separate, shorter lines for airport security for those who can afford them, the result is that the affluent and those of modest means live increasingly separate lives, and the class-mixing institutions and public spaces that forge a sense of common experience and shared citizenship get eroded.
I hope you enjoyed the photos.
Voice Very high-pitched. Call: a soft, sibilant seee, usually buzzier and bending in american wildlife, tseeesee. Flight call: a short, vulnerable tsf; reduced and smoother than golden-crowned kinglet and chickadees. Song: diverse, but involves several paperwork, seee seeedsee sideeu. Eastern audio more complicated, quavering, and usually end on a higher note; american audio more stroking and often end on a low please take be aware.
Favorite Quote: It's so stupid, but you can't buy fireworks in Oregon, or even have them in your possession. At least, nothing that's any good. Nothing that goes more than six feet along the ground or twelve inches into the air. Which pretty much leaves those black tablets that grow into ash snakes after you light them. Oh, and sparklers. Lame-O.
Me: You pulled this cover off and you peed down this hole?
I raced it some, as I kicked it to life.
The yawn-inducing record opens with the closest thing to a real beat you’ll find for the next half-hour on “Alphabet Song”, which will probably have you lulled into a false sense of security, thinking, “Hey, maybe this album won’t be half bad after all.” And for the record, I’ll admit that the first minute and 12 seconds of Nootropics are tolerable. But as soon as Hunter steps onto the scene with that boyish narcotic moan, I sighed inwardly, resigning myself to the fact that in the world of indie rock, there are some bands that just need to stop. Please. Stop making music. I’m begging you here.
Kari: Dude. Does your new novel idea have cameos from this book in it????
But don't you ever bet me
No more, tho. I'm taking time to choose each moment, to either stop what I was doing and be fully present to do the next thing, or to ask for a moment to wrap things up so I can do the next thing. More changes are coming, I know. For today, tho - this moment - it's enough to claim my right to do one thing at a time, to rest once in a while, to have a clean, non-cluttered place in my head and in my soul, and yes in my house -- to just BE.
This took nearly two hours. It was past Xander's bed time.
Genre : Fantasy/Romance
For more information see the National Autistic Society website or ring the helpline on 0808 800 4104.
Writing - It is the air I breathe. I listen to Life (Inhale) and I breathe and write (exhale). Selasie Bulmuo - Social Worker, Writer/ Author, Counsellor/Pastor Selasie heads SJB Resource Ltd, a Social Capital Builder, working with individuals & groups including families, in the area of social work assessments and support services, confidence building, workshops and training, counselling and sign posting to other agencies and services. Selasie runs SJB Resource with a team of volunteers and paid contracted professionals who are experts in the fields of the Arts, Counselling, and Social Work among others. Selasie is a mother of three and believes that she is a VOICE by calling mainly to families. She is a Author and Conference and workshop Resource Person. She enjoys sharing her love of writing with others as a therapeutic and reflective tool for rebuilding one’s life. She also supports her husband in Pastoring a thriving church, Fountain Gate Chapel in Seven Sisters, London. Selasie says:
The song “Friends” from Elton John is the link below:
And for those of you who are thinking, ‘Who is this Sparky she refers to?’. Nicholas Sparks writer of the books that these fantabulous movies were based on…
I used to be the crazy mom…well not crazy like reality TV crazy, but crazy in the sense that I used to call my son’s preschool teacher every day until he was fully transitioned. It’s heartbreaking to leave your kid for the first time, so as a mom there I was delaying my departure and arriving earlier than usual for pickup and calling the teacher everyday just to see how long it was before he stopped crying. Enfadosa, my mom would say.
This is a closer look. You can spot that the wrappers came flour-dusted to preserve the smoothness of the wrappers when the Wantons finally boiled. In addition it also prevented the wrappers sticking to each other in the pack.
"Dirty Angel" - 3:36
See, when Keri tells our son the plan she doesn’t give him all the details in the plan, she simply gives him a general overview of the plan so that he knows just enough to have something to look forward to. She gives him this overview not because she doesn’t know the details, but because it would take a little too much time and energy at the end of the day when her knees are about to buckle. In reality, however, our son doesn’t need to to know the details of the plan, all he needs to know are the characteristics of the one making the plan. He needs to know that his mommy loves him, that she’s trustworthy, and that her plans for him are made for his best. If he knows these things, then he can still sleep soundly at night, even if he doesn’t know everything he wants to know about the plan.
An audience of approximately 750 also heard an opening set by Susanna Wallumrod. She and her two-piece band sounded like Tori Amos on a Terje Rypdal jag. This cover of Thin Lizzy's "Jailbreak" wasn't on the set list, but it captures her sensibility. Wallumrod's music isn't my thing (at all), but I fully embrace the concept of jazz acts being featured on compatible cross-genre double bills.
“Few people would argue against making environmental review processes and regulations more efficient—as long as they’re effective. But changes announced in the recent federal budget don’t do that. Instead, they make it easier for the federal government and industry to push through projects that could harm the environment and the economy, and limit the ability of ordinary Canadian citizens to have a say in matters of national importance. Based on the budget announcement, you’d think delays and duplication in the environmental review process are the biggest issues. They’re not. As the Pembina Institute points out, the equivalent of one major oil sands mine has been approved in each of the past five years, and the pace is increasing. Some people, including former Alberta premier Peter Lougheed, suggest we’d benefit by slowing down—for economic and environmental reasons. When there are setbacks in the review process, they’re often caused by industry’s reluctance to provide timely data or by a lack of capacity within the government itself. The latter is getting worse as funding for basic monitoring and enforcement is subject to further cuts. Eliminating environmental reviews for some projects altogether, shifting responsibility to the provinces, and severely cutting back on staff and agencies that provide management and information are not ways to make processes more efficient; they’re ways to accelerate approval of major projects, making the short-term interests of industry a higher priority than protecting the air, land, and water we all need to stay healthy. …
No shit, today I sprained my left ankle, sprained my right foot, strained my right wrist, hurt my pelvis, and made mincemeat out of both feet and my right hand. And my poor phone.
I must say I was not too happy with the photos I took on her birthday. And, this frustrated me. I have just been really off with photography lately, and I'm not sure why. Maybe my frustrations at not having a working computer to upload photos to, or not being able to go where I want to go with photography. Maybe it's not having the energy to and time to put what I need to into my photography. And the two times I tried to get photos with the pumpkin, she was chasing her cousin around, and I couldn't get her to sit still with me. She had a great birthday though, and I can finally get some sleep now hopefully. Except, I do have to move on to the Nursery now that I am finished with the hubs birthday and her big 2nd Birthday celebration.
We stop at the terminal and I impatiently unclick my seatbelt long before the light goes off. I feel annoyed at the fellow passengers thwarting my desire for a hasty exit to the terminal and my beloved LA beyond. I try to maintain my manners as I make a place for myself in the now-crowded aisle and retrieve my carry-on from the overhead lockers and then stand in the confined space trying not to inhale through my nose the assault of the aroma of too many economy class passengers who have stewed in their own juices for the past 20 hours or so from Sydney. Finally the door is opened and the line of humanity begins to flow out the bottle-neck onto the air bridge. Air bridge. Stairs. More stairs. A passageway. Travelator. Ramp. Passageway. Immigration. I head straight for the bathrooms and relish in the space after the confinement of the ones on the plane that have grown ever grottier on the hours of our journey. The bathrooms here are huge and basic and old. But even here I begin to smile at little things that tell me I'm "home" - starting with paper toilet seat covers which are a rarity in Australia. Damn, I love those things! I wash my hands for a long time and behold my economy-class ravaged face and hair. I try to freshen up, brush my teeth, drag a brush through hair traumatised by pressurisation and condensed human breath. I smile at myself and try not to giggle or cry. I'm home!
Her great talent gives me hope because I too was born without fingers on my right hand. I had grown up assuming most two handed instruments were off limits because of my ‘disability.’ I played the trumpet for a short while in elementary, less than enjoying being the only girl in a group of boys who mostly liked to blow spit from their instruments. Soon after, I quit it so I could have more time playing on the various sport teams. Basketball, softball, volleyball, they never proved an issue for this one handed wonder. I excelled in each all through grade school by the grace of God and my father’s athletic genes. But music? Music would be the unattainable world that I longed from a distance to explore. I can chuckle at the thought, but it has honestly taken almost all my 26 years to grasp the hope this one video has given me.
paint den
This is my second week of living out of a hotel while doing a training course. Business class transience, all expenses paid. I'm not complaining, though I'm looking forward to reconnecting with my usual surroundings. Am I simply starting to feel rootless? That's plausible, given that hotels -- especially corporate name brand hotels -- are a paradoxical monoculture unto themselves: they are everywhere and nowhere at the same time. When I look out the window, am I seeing the 401 in sort-of-Toronto, or Interstate 15 in Idaho Falls? The landscape offers no clues (dead grass, parking lots, the usual big box stores, a few ribbons of highway), and neither does the room itself.
Get ready to fall in love with vegetables.
so this year I made a handful of Christmas cards and while I didn't send out as many as I'd hoped - It's at least at start. Don't take offense if you didn't get one from me - another part of my resolution is to start collecting people's addresses - so if you'd like a card from me - just email me your address.
Pour batter into the prepared pan and bake for 30-40 mins (mini loaf pans), 45-50 minutes 8 inch round cake or until a toothpick, inserted in the center, comes out clean.
March Play Group classes are just around the corner. I'd LOVE to have you come to one of them, host one in your home with your friends, or even participate long distance. I'm confident you would enjoy what we do and be happy with the projects you make! Keep reading...
- Toshinari K.
A very memorable experience indeed.
finish the dance
5. Chained (Ballard) 5:18
I love anything stuffed inside a carbohydrate shell. It may not be good for me, but it certainly is delicious. My husband taught me how to make awesome cabbage burgers. I always loved growing up in Cleveland surrounded delicious Polish food like pierogies. I am always surprised how few people know what these delectable pockets of goodness entail! Last year, Sam and I even used our homemade pasta maker to make our very own pierogies...delicoius! However, all of these tasty treats will have to wait until a later post. Today I will focus on a new-found love- kolaches!
She had another one Sunday night,
AMuse No heatsetting, dries quickly, nice rich black
Today it doesn't matter that my hair is getting frizzier and frizzier (and bigger and bigger) the further north we go. I can gel it all back in a big boofy bun and stick a flower in it to truly get into a resort frame of mind.
Yesterday, I went to Land’s End. With the weather the way it was, it was a bit like Scott’s last expedition to Antarctica. In the inevitable souvenir shop, they were selling Cornish flags and beer mats which were half Union flag and half Cornish flag (it is like the St George’s flag of England, but a white cross on a black background and has a piratical feel).
Bookstores are feeling the effects of iPads, Nooks and Kindles. And so are writers.
1. Fewer calories – but adjusting for more when I work out
¼ cup diced scallions
Really, that’s the bottom line: Who does this? Who chooses this level of scrutiny, trusts ratings-obsessed-producers to weave an accurate yarn, assumes that a relationship forged through competition can end up translating to happily ever after? Not me. I’ve had enough crazy in my life, thank you very much.
The diverse yet precise arrangements on the record certainly wet the mouths of industry professionals and common music fans alike; and his talent most certainly does not go unappreciated in his beautiful homeland, as he closed the Arts Festival of Reykjavik that occurred in June, with the help of the Icelandic symphony orchestra and singer Keren Ann. His new album hit the French Itunes top 10 upon release.
Every once in awhile you just have to take a break from the mundane and boring…ie:unpacking. All of the kids have been such a big help in the whole unpacking and organizing process. Probably because they know if they didn’t chip in they knew I would just start chucking their stuff as well as my own.
And of course Edward. A Quasimodo who is shown the beauty and power of love who is able to dedicate his whole life to giving the woman he loves something she enjoyed.
ID
They are certainly that, and I love it!
you twist me around
Since my last blog post, mobile apps have taken center stage in the world of interactivity. But I'll spare you a post about apps to focus on a campaign I came across this morning on YouTube: "My Movie Pitch" sponsored by American Express & Tribeca Film.
Step 6: Pin both sections in place. Use hairspray when needed.
They have also been denied any meaningful review of the reasons for their isolation.
SURPRISE
I would really like to touch base with a manager on this policy. It seems completely contrary to the Trump reputation and everything it stands for. However, I was unable to find Manager information (in addition to the "Gathering Policy") published on your website.
"It is with Origen that devotion to the letter of Scripture and concern to refer to the original text come to take on a new importance. Science will gain from this. But the living relationship between Scripture and tradition is on the way to being compromised." (Danielou, Couratin and Kent, 54)
As a matter of fact, I have I found that I can’t generally win any argument with my children. I was under the impression that, as the parent, I was meant to be the bigger, stronger, smarter, wittier person, but my children tell me otherwise.
Tabata Row
Preheat oven to 300 F.
The intra-Western, Atlantic ties between Europe and North America will still be the most important and defining global axis. Although not impossible, this is probably not the most likely alternative at this point, given the economic and cultural weakness of Europe in particular.
Frank is a young guy, maybe thirty, tall and thin, vaguely Russian, but not the pale Caucasian Russian; something darker and hardier. He’s expanded the place, put in nice wood flooring, a glass-fronted case with plants in pots on top and containing some random Salon supplies that no one ever looks at, a rack of old magazines, a refurbished Ms. Pac-Man game, and some extra chairs.
3/4 cup heath bar toffee bits
A romantic sci-fi thriller about love and second chances. Camden Pike has been grief-stricken since his girlfriend, Viv, died. Viv was the last good thing in his life: helping him rebuild his identity after a career-ending football injury, picking up the pieces when his home life shattered, and healing his pain long after the meds wore off. And now, he’d give anything for one more glimpse of her. But when Cam makes a visit to the site of Viv’s deadly car accident, he sees some kind of apparition. And it isn’t Viv. The apparition’s name is Nina, and she’s not a ghost. She’s a girl from a parallel world, and in this world, Viv is still alive. Cam can’t believe his wildest dreams have come true. All he can focus on is getting his girlfriend back, no matter the cost. But things are different in this other world: Viv and Cam have both made very different choices, things between them have changed in unexpected ways, and Viv isn’t the same girl he remembers. Nina is keeping some dangerous secrets, too, and the window between the worlds is shrinking every day. As Cam comes to terms with who this Viv has become and the part Nina played in his parallel story, he’s forced to choose—stay with Viv or let her go—before the window closes between them once and for all.
They were served with a dipping sauce that was a mix of "Just Like Honey" and yellow mustard.
Quests are completed simply by having the appropriate combination of resources on hand, at which point the player flips over the completed quest card and takes any rewards printed on it. Quests are divided into several different categories, and at the start of the game each player receives a secret card telling them which categories of completed quests will score them bonus points at the end of the game.
The idiot let loose with a rapid fury of strikes and blows from the photograph, pulverizing the sheets near the foot of the bed.
Before we move on lets look at a complete input tag, checkbox type:
Moab.
First course commenced
I mean, even the blueish hue to the scenes is blatantly lifted from Mann's movie. Except that in Heat, it fit the minimalist, loner characterization of De Niro's role and the bleak portrayal of a decadent Los Angeles, while the guys in Takers hit up a nightclub after their heist and hook up with chicks, smoke cigars and sip scotch like a scene out of Jersey Shore. The only thing missing was for DJ Pauly D to make a cameo appearance and start bumping some beats. All flash and absolutely no dash.
YOU mean you leave them out in the sun, and they get all brown and sprout little white hairs?...nope…
Fucker, and D.O.C. are all good newish DC hardcore bands. There was a
I screamed.
So my hair is now manageable again and with a sprinkling of silver. It was getting a bit wayward as it had not been cut since mid-November last year. I feel so much better, a little glamorous, just need a bit of ‘slap’, to complete the picture.
it is so hard
Rev. James Moody, President, Manna House Ministries, Jamestown, Tennessee
Darwin and Wedgwood (as well as their family and friends) left so much written documentation behind (books, journals, letters, notes) that Heiligman never guesses to thought process or motivation, footnoting the source for each he/she said/thought.
…to love all of you bunches!! Xoxo!
Chomp and Shop
Happy Wednesday!
12And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.
Though lads are lads within womb’s earliest,
6. I want a little piggy more than anything. They are some of the smartest creatures alive, ranking just below primates and whales and such, they are incredibly clean and hypoallergenic, and can be taught to use a litter box. The ones that are bred to be pets are so soft, and social and cute. The only thing I don’t love about these little guys is their price…I can’t help but think of all the wonderful things I could buy for $1,000. Including my rent.
I don’t know if it’s my low expectations or the fact that I was craving a romantic story I knew wouldn’t come crashing down when the writers stopped taking their pills (GG, I’m looking at you). Or is it because it has some elements of Coming To America (which I love) and Kate & Leopold (which is cute)? Or that there are enough hot guys in it that every woman can at least find one to drool over (after they take those wigs off)? Or is the drama good on its own merits because I really enjoyed it! Now I’m quite pumped about watching the rest of the series even if it’s 20 episodes long.
One teaspoon minced ginger
That's really something.
A very assured and elegant Syrah – 90 points.
You'll see:)
Grapefruit – 4.5 inches
I didn't see much of my dad when I was growing up. He was a successful pianist, band leader and musical arranger and, although he always picked me up from school and that was our special time together, he kept a musician's hours - getting up about 11am and going out to work at about 7pm.
Back in June, I entered the pitch for my book in a contest and won. I was shocked and elated!
when my wife is at mass and his in bed,
In that world every stranger was immediately noticeable as “out of place”.
Scirus' users can search for patents with the same fielded search capabilities. This includes the ability to search the index by title, abstract, author, date and affiliation. Users who require more in-depth patent searches are directed to specialized patent search tools offered through LexisNexis.
Necomimi means Cat ears and Neurowear is a gadget that uses your very own brainwaves to express emotions, so if you have always wanted to be like an anime cat girl it just became a little more possible!
You know how when you have something tough coming up that you have to deal with? You think about it all week, you just want the day to be over with? The day that holds the bad event. And then the day comes, goes and you live through it and go on with your life. That is my day every day. That day will finally be done with when Bear is 18. Till then I just constantly have this twisting feeling in my gut.
Also this sort of discrimination towards sex work and sex workers is very distressing. There ARE consensual sex workers and adult services patrons not allowed to work in peace, who do need the legislature to ensure their adult human rights to a legal and recognized adult services industry or adult services district (red light district). The above insular ‘statement maker’ is talking without doing any research and without any empathy or understanding of other social groups not of their own. Insular and inward thinking, then authoritarian and fundamentalist to boot. Imposing on sex workers and sex industry patrons is disrespectful and deserves condemnation and re-education, is in fact a sign religion or ’3rd world minded society’ induced mental illness, if not mental illness (hate speech crime?) per se. Will the UN and first world, please arbitate and qualify, correct these pharisees.
Omigbodun continues exemplifying the problems that lie underneath and that makes it difficult for us to move forward as a nation. Another example is that of “Seun and his wife” whose major focus is to go abroad since the country is no more pleasant and enjoyable to stay again. One can however agree to stay if he/she wants to remain “dormant: without progressing in life. The picture of how government workers work with their unfriendly voices that echo out in their throats as they attend to visitors. One can see this in the character of Teacher who goes to the Foster Home to see the “vagrants/motherless children”. However, the voice of Mr. Adefola chases her back as he asks what she wants. In the first place, he is not around but later appeared but with an unfriendly voice. Mr Adefola is more or less like a government worker whose behavior serves as threat to anybody who consults him/trying to offer down something- that of the homeless children, an irresponsible fellow.
On my part
That’s a leader.
Yikes, now I know why I procrastinate listing my dolls on Etsy...what a chore!!! I've finally listed everything I have on board, so take a look over at my Etsy shop and buy something!! LOL I haven't set up a PayPal account yet and I know that's important since everyone seems to demand instant gratification, present company included, but again, I'm procrastinating....maybe later on this week. So here's the link or just go to the banner on the right side of my blog. http://www.etsy.com/people/barrobabe?ref=si_pr
i am thankful for:
Olivier, who was in the police van, said, “About 200 m from the police station I noticed the car pulling off the road, but I thought nothing of it. It’s the police after all.”
The threat implied in this outrageous letter was that they were going to publish the replies they got and send all the details to the local and national media. What an outrageous thing – to ask a candidate to sign up to what in effect is a contract to promote multiculturalism if elected.
Unknown (2 salt, 1856)
-Thank you for reading my interview with Northern Iowa LB LJ Fort, I hope you enjoyed it!-
Have fun and linky up!! YAY =D
A love that intertwines with the very air I breathe
Stella Chavez is your classic good girl: straight As, clean-cut boyfriends, and soccer trophies . You’d never guess that Stella’s dad was a drug addict who walked out when she was a kid. Or that inside, Stella wishes for something more.
We stopped a couple of times on the way to take pictures around a place called Rotsund, which seems like a fishing village. I was using a broken camera and could barely get it to work. In the end it didn't matter so much that I hardly had the chance to take any pictures, because it's difficult to make an ugly photograph there.
Cleaning Management
“I am the adopted daughter of Council member Lucian Graymark,” said Clary. “I am close with the Lightwoods of the Insititute. Is it worth earning their wrath and ire just to revenge yourself upon me for tricking you? Besides — I’ve always heard that faeries appreciated cleverness. You wouldn’t want it said that you can’t appreciate a good trick, even at your own expense, would you?”
Read as much as you possibly can.
ever been able to accomplish.
This of course would leave me a little vunerable for a move, having expended move 3's ammo, but I considered that Gerrards too far away to do any real harm at present. however in Stef's turn he did rather well, shooting off several musketeers. On the other flank I fired my advancing firelock armed Dragoons, and fired the muskets of Col Green's Regiment, to the cost of a couple of Lifeguards.
We made the rounds once again of letting everyone I'm not having a baby. That was a joy.
Good acidity and freshness balancing the richness leaving long flavours of pear, peach and toasty spice – 92/100 points.
I have some leftover bits from my Kona challenge classic charm pack--I have a stack of 2 1/2-inch squares that I don't have plans for, so: For this prize, I will baste those squares into 1-inch hexagons before I send them along, and you'll get a rainbow stack of hexagons ready for a project! Just like this one:
Do you even know where you are going?
This brightly colored, soft-set jam is sweet and tart and perfect for spooning over cake, toast or a scone. It fills about 7 half-pint jars, with a bit left over. Just place any extras in a sterilized jar in the fridge and consume it within 3 weeks.
If your rule IS part of your company culture / guiding principles / overal vision… make sure you take some time this week to explain the PURPOSE of it to your team.
Jack developed his morning song
But our car is getting so old and outdated.
�Certainly I can say in my own case it did make a difference.�
So, if fear’s glued you in place on what seems like it should be a little step on the path to one of your goals, don’t worry. You’re normal. Different people get scared by different things. Someone who can bungee jump, might be terrified of the germs they’ll find cleaning the bathroom.
FIONA MAAZEL is the author of the novel Last Last Chance. She is the winner of the Bard Prize for 2009 and a National Book Foundation "5 Under 35" honoree for 2008. Her work has appeared in Review, The New York Times Book Review, Tin House, Salon, n+1, and The Yale Review. She lives in Brooklyn, and her second novel, Woke Up Lonely, will be published by Graywolf Press in the spring of 2013.
On top of all that, I received the Entire Flourishes February Release sets that I won a couple of weeks ago, in the mailbox. I have been anxiously waiting for those sets like crazy! So after I received them, I wondered how many Flourishes stamps I own. So I counted them out and I have: 56!!! I love them all, and I have a hard time choosing which stamps to use every time I go to stamp something out :)
He said that to be hired by the airport, one needed to have passed matric, to have a code eight driver's licence and to have completed an internal three-week basic firefighting course.
I would like to tell them to relax and remember that dogs don’t need to do homework, they don’t need to compete in exams and best of all, they don’t need tuitions or school fees … I want them to understand that dogs are wonderful. (And that I have changed).
What if turns out to be a poor fit?
That’s right, “Up” (no, not the 1976 Russ Meyer film). Maybe it comes as a bit of a surprise, but it surprised me too. I wanted to include at least one Pixar film and “Up” soars above the rest as far as being a fantasy adventure flick. “Up” does so much and recaptured so much of the magic of classic adventure. Carl Fredrickson (Ed Asner) is an elderly widower who never went on the adventures he and his wife had always dreamed of. At the threat of being taken to a nursing home, Mr. Fredrickson ties thousands of balloons to his house (reminiscent of the seagulls fastened to James’ giant peach) and is whisked up, up, and away for the adventure of a lifetime. A young wilderness scout named Russell accidentally tags along and after they brave a treacherous thunderstorm and land in the South American jungle plateau called Paradise Falls the fun really takes off. An army of talking dogs led by Carl’s old hero, the rogue explorer (whom everyone thought a fraud and that he disappeared), Charles Muntz (Christopher Plummer), pursues them. Muntz turns out to be a little different than how Carl had imagined him and is after them for obstructing the capture of the rare giant bird that Russell names Kevin. Carl, disillusioned by how obsessed and unfeeling his old hero has turned out to be, will have to make many sacrifices to save Russell, Kevin, and Dug the dog, and save the day. Biplanes, zeppelins, skeletons of extinct beasts, jungles, balloons, wild animals, and several great chases combine to give this touching and heartfelt film a vigorous pulse. It’s got a great vintage feel, pleasing humor, and a sweet story that is sure to win over the whole family.
My beloved cousin Kerri was the maid of honor in her friend's wedding, and asked me if I would stitch something for her to give as a gift. After a few emails back and forth about what her friend might like, I sent her a few suggestions and this was the one she picked. She liked how it tied into the wedding colors of pink and green and thought it would look beautiful in her friend's house.
I kicked off proceedings with sardines marinées - which were delicious. The Missus opted for ricotta de grand-mere avec tomates confites, which was presented in a glass pot that could have been style-over-substance were it not for the fact the ricotta was creamy and the tomatoes were plump and juicy. Un demi canard avec sauce champignons was next on my eating agenda, and what a delight it was. After ten years in Paris, I've eaten my fair share of canard, but this dish was prepared and presented in an inventive, attractive way. The Missus went with the lamb, which was okay, without being remarkable. For dessert, I couldn't go past the millefeuille aux framboises, a tasty confection of pastry, raspberries and fresh creme anglaise. Mmmmmmm. The Missus allowed herself to be tempted by the pain perdu - which while tasty, was perhaps a little heavy going for an end of meal option.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTALLING A HOME SECURITY SYSTEM
Congrats on one year blog anniversary! I so enjoy following your blog and seeing your wonderful creations! My new favorite color is island indigo. I love any color blue and this color reminds me of being on a tropical island! Thanks so much for the chance to win blog candy! Take care!:-))
"i started running..."
I have rewritten and reread this post many times and I still can’t stop it from sounding a bit gay. But you know what; I’m actually okay with that. In fact, I’m going to test the gayness of this post by adding pink points to the gayest parts (represented by this symbol ) followed up by a rating on my gayometer.
Thank you for stopping by and if you would like to comment that would be great. I hope that you can find the time to pay a visit to my fellow team members, you are bound to find lots of brilliant inspiration.
Week 3/19 - 3/23
I have been blessed by a half brother. He talks to me regularly and supports me with undying love.
I hope you like my photos. Each day has a different theme so I will list those under each shot.
With what sort of a feeling you hope the public leaves after attending a Sigur Rós concert?
“This will be a valuable information tool for parents, staff, students and our communities,” says David Euale, Director of Education for the Halton District School Board. “By adding Twitter to the Halton District School Board’s communications tools, we will be able to communicate in a concise and timely way about issues that are current or evolving.”
I don’t really drink much wheat beer these days; that’s the thing with a gateway, you tend to move on into the house. When I do though, it’s more often than not with food. Wheat beers work really well with desserts I think and one of my favourite combinations is a banana-forward wheat beer with banana pancakes, delicious.
My curiosity took over (YES I KNOW I AM oversocial)
As I received emails not only this week but also during the passed years asking me to tell some more about the painting, I decided to write a post about the artist of these amusing dog portraits.
Toast bread slices. (If making flavored goat cheese, mix it with lemon juice/zest and garlic powder in the meantime.) Spread goat cheese on the toast, and top with bacon, granny smith apple slices, lettuce, and another slice of toast. Enjoy the fiesta on your taste buds!
APRON STRINGS DESIGNS
The Section continues, stating that “disposition under the law of war” is to be interpreted as referring to “detention under the law of war without trial until the end of the hostilities…” This effectively nullifies the Writ of Habeas Corpus, which is applied to all citizens in the Constitution of the United States, and guarantees them a fair and free trial in civilian court. And, of course, the “end of hostilities” is open to debate as well. The “war on terror” is a war declared on an abstract concept, not a nation state or even a particular organization of people, so how and when can it possibly end?
Away to the window I flew like a flash,
I tried to do all of those things and say all of the stuff you're supposed to say when your child is discouraged. She seemed helped by my seemingly wise counsel, and we went about our night.
I’m going to tackle this topic in a fun and unique perspective. Have you ever felt that ecstatic feeling overcome you to let go and dance? Who says we need to hold back in life? Who says we need to be running on “unleaded” when we should have “rocket fuel” running through our veins? Life is too short to sit by not to live an exciting life.
“Loool so she didn’t tell you?” Brandon replied. “Where did you think she was half of Kaye’s rave, feeding the fucking ducks?”
Well I did promise to update you today but I got into the craft room and everything just seemed to work out so it was hard to drag myself away. I will upload some photos tomorrow. Meanwhile this was one of the cards we made in class this week.
legitimate election in 2007, in Kenya. It is the first widespread violence
The consensus in the village is that there is a perfectly innocent reason for the name “Crapstone,” though it is unclear what that is. Theories put forth by various residents the other day included “place of the rocks,” “a kind of twisting of the original word,” “something to do with the soil” and “something to do with Sir Francis Drake,” who lived nearby.
i am learning to live in the struggle. i think that is what stretches and grows us most of the time.
My kids started to do the same and we now enjoy twice daily bike rides.
On the Kuretake blog we're hosting another challenge and this time we've got doodle mania. We're showing doodling techniques using different types of pens by Kuretake and this one below is mine:
And adhered the scalloped cut frame from the card topper, with the help of pop dots from ITSY BITSY, to give the card front & the frame a dimension.....
I understand not wanting to repeat the Palin debacle, and wanting to avoid the appearance of flailing in response to economic headlines. But "building up Romney as a safe and competent alternative to President Barack Obama"? That sounds like the strategy of a dull suitor trying to woo a woman who's involved with a hot, charismatic guy -- "Well, I'll just seem trustworthy and stable, and surely she'll see what a mistake she's made." Does that ever work, outside of movies? Does it ever work in presidential politics? (Can we get Mr. Dukakis on the line?)
I thought carefully what to say.
Jackson, who can be the most compassionate, awesome, caring, funny, wonderful kid, can also be just plain horrible. And, unfortunately, his behavior has gotten worse over the past several weeks. I don't know if it's the meds he's on or what exactly is going on with him right now, but he got so mad at Clayton on Saturday because Clay didn't want to play a game with him, that Jackson ended up trying to beat the snot out of Clay. Thank God I was right there to intervene and I took all the punches and kicks. Sunday, Jackson destroyed the boys' bunkbeds (My friend, Eric, is on bunkbed rebuilding duty), took a knife and cut up his mattress and decapitated some stuffed animals. This morning, again, Jackson got bent out of shape over nothing and tried to strangle Clay, lifting him off the floor with his hands around his throat. Jackson's back in the hospital inpatient again. This is his third admission in a month.
My first objective was the church of St Olave, Hart St. My reason for visiting it was that the sister of one of my husband's ancestors was baptized here in 1794. Once inside I discovered that it had much more important connections than 4xGt Aunt Matilda!
Hmmm, not a true movie buff – I usually can’t even remember the titles, very bad with titles. Beaches with Bette Midler really got a response out of me; I have seen it more than once and cried rivers of tears each time.
There has got to come a point with these restrictor plate tracks where NASCAR takes into consideration what the driver’s feel are the best solutions to provide good racing. But, the NASCAR juggernaut is all about bringing in the $$$ and if Daytona and Talladega don’t provide wreck-for-alls, more seats will become empty and NASCAR won’t be able to fill it’s green belly.
As of the date of implementation of the proposed regulations, applicants for Medicaid coverage of long term care (skilled nursing, supportive living, and the community care and in-home services programs) will be required to account for and document all financial transactions occurring during the five years prior to the date of application, or February 6, 2006, whichever is later.
I've been a good girl too!
What if there were no term limits and Howard Golden remained Borough President? What if Marty Markowitz weren’t so nostalgic for the Dodgers?
The exposure bracketing is often used because is the base to realize HDR (High Dynamic Range) photographs... READ MORE
Have they all gone barking mad?
Is this the song he did the other week? Or is it another one?
The right lesson to take from Apple might be that an economic agenda whose “blueprint begins with American manufacturing” is misguided. South Korea, Taiwan, and China all have us beat as builders of electronics. But the world’s leading mobile electronics maker is headquartered in the United States of America and it’s insanely popular. That’s because the greatest value in the electronics business is in the industrial design, the software engineering, the marketing, and the combination of research and intuition that help you figure out what products people will want. Manufacturing, as a statistical category, is more arbitrary than people realize. There’s no inherently greater virtue in putting tuna into a can . . . than in preparing a seared tuna appetizer . . . . If people aspire to remodel kitchens or teach yoga or treat illness or be hair stylists or be chefs or, God forbid, Internet columnists . . . there’s nothing wrong with that.
The voice of reason gets drowned in the din and bustle of electioneering. Thanks are, however, due to the big shots of Election Commission for enforcing a regimen which cuts out all the crap and gives the voter a fair chance to think himself/herself. For, I consider the wild distractions caused by loud and lurid campaigning an impediment to clear and cogent thinking about the competing ideas and ideologies, policies and programmes.
Looks like we now have a study stating that there is a distinct possibility that retroviruses could have been transmitted via the use of attenuated vaccines.
We humans tend to gravitate to “our people” – either family members or people who align with our views of the world. That is normal and comfortable. But our growth comes from either the stretching that life asks of us or our willingness to choose to go beyond the comfortable. I believe that by making the effort to connect deeply with people who we consider to be “other”, we become more of ourselves and we help to create peace in this world for our children and their children.
Hello! My name is Lula and I would like to welcome you to my blog! This is actually my third blog that I’ve written. I began my first blog livinglula last July as I was preparing myself to turn 40. Soon after my birthday I began to receive scriptures every evening that would just come to my heart. I began to explore them in my second blog Recovered Heart. My second blog was a devotional that I wrote almost every day as a way to communicate with Jesus. I wasn’t really sure how to pray but I found I could express myself freely to Jesus through writing.
“The Fest begins at nine. I hate to call it a workshop. Takes all the romance out of it.” He winked.
Jesus and Lafayette fear for their lives
One word that describes you? Focused
Level 27: MP Cost: 60, Duration: 810 seconds, All Stats: +14%.
Cody wins the match with a Crossroads from Cody. Mark Henry continued to get closer to ringside to distract Orton, and after the match, Mark laid out Randy and grabbed the World Title, saying this is what it’s about.
Excuse me for being a bit remiss on my blogging as of late - between work, prepping for the holidays, a quick getaway to California, and an untimely head cold which became a bronchitis, I've not had much time for anything! I'm actually sitting in the Atlanta airport right now as we speak.... finally, a moment to sit down!
This makes draws very unattractive, but in doing so penalises those that were due to a hard-fought game timing out. Those innocent of cautious or slow play are punished along with the guilty.
The United States are a country constantly searching for history. One needs watch only a couple of the newer Scorsese films like "Gangs of New York" or "The Aviator" to see the great pains their psyche goes through to evangelize and invent upon some would say paltry two hundred years of recent activity. A country of immigrants trying to do the world one better: let's invent the perfect nation.
We did the Faces of Easter 1and 2 this morning. This was my first time using this material and I was extremely impressed with the wondering time which allows the children to help tell the story with items they see in the classroom.
Although the independence anniversary has come and gone, the penchant for urban renewal remains strong. In February, Dushanbe authorities published a list of several dozen buildings located along the so-called “protocol highway” – on which President Imomali Rahmon and other senior officials drive to work – that have been designated for demolition. Many of these buildings are solid apartment blocks that are home to several thousand people. Officials are mum on kind of compensation owners can anticipate, and residents expect to be moved to the distant suburbs: they’ve seen the relentless development approaching for years, including high-rise, “elite” apartments in their neighborhood.
Display my button on your sidebar if you don't already (thanks to everyone that has it, it gives me such a warm gooey feeling to see it!)
Neither team played its strongest soccer of the season, in what amounted to sloppy game. Scoring opportunities were rare, and, more often than not, went to waste.
The chill of the night made my body stiff like a log. I did not feel parched or hungry even after twenty hours of starvation. In fact I did not feel anything.
1. Successfully complete the BluePrint Cleanse. This will start Monday April 2nd and end Tuesday April 10th. A+: This went very very well and I want to do it again. You can check out the recap here for more information. I honestly felt wonderful and I wish I could do if for life because I had almost no knee pain! I also managed to keep a total of 5lbs off this month which if you have been following is a huge success for me!
In his acceptance speech during the Golden Globe Awards ceremony, Farhadi said Iranians are “truly a peace-loving people.”
Music has always been one thing that I've enjoyed most. Never played anything, but just listening soothes my soul. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Tupac. When people have asked me in the past "Why do u like him?" I didn't really know why? Why do you like the music you like?? You just do, right? Well I've been thinking a lot about music as it's (at times) becoming a little difficult to listen sometimes. I've noticed that I get emotional more easily since we lost G, and if a song touches me, even a little, I WILL CRY. LOL. But I have been thinking the most about why I do like the music I do.
Due to it’s size it would not fit in my suitcase so they greatfully shipped it and it arrived recently!
dragged into a sugarcane field by a 15-year-old fellow schoolboy who
But when lots of people are already now talking about a bubble, what will they do in two or three years from now?
A quick note that things with my novel have been going great, and so far some 14,000 people have downloaded the Kindle edition. If you enjoy my reviews and articles, then you may want to check out the book – it’s been getting a lot of really good discussion and reviews.
I was walking home last night and I tried to picture it in my mind: if all the electricity shut down, right there at 26th and 3rd, while I was going home. 7PM. New York City. Not just the traffic lights and the stores and the restaurants. All the cars would coast and crash to a stop (because spark plugs stop working). What the people of New York would notice most though would be their phones and blackberries and iPads would go black all at once.
It has been pouring non-stop since last night and it has created the perfect Sunday ambiance. I left the window open all night and am still lounging in bed listening to the birds and the gentle fall of the rain. Today I hope to do a little more unpacking and settling in, to write a bit, to bake something, to stock up for the week at the store, and to generally relax and organize for a successful week ahead.
Better, I think, to be a little loosey-goosey with this stuff. If you be yourself, a little quirky, a little original, yes, you might turn somebody off. But you have a far better chance of attracting a kindred agent spirit I think, the one that loves your letter and then loves your work. Again, please don't take this as carte blanche to ignore all the advice you've ever heard when it comes to query letters. But do take it as permission to relax a little, have some fun, and yes, let your query freak flag fly.
But what shall we do with this premise, in the end? Is slavery immoral? It must first be said that there are different kinds of slavery, as I already alluded to. In different times and places, slavery has taken on different forms. The type of slavery we most often think of and most readily condemn is called chattel slavery. This is the kind of slavery through which blacks were taken from Africa, packed into ships, and forced to work on plantations in the New World. A fair number of white Europeans, Asians, and indigenous peoples were also slaves or at least indentured servants. Black slaves were the worst off because of the spread of racist ideology.
Look for groups in your community that focus on helping or educating women about finances or retirement planning. Go to the library and research financial/retirement planning. You have to start somewhere and education is the best first step.
For those of you who are interested in learning how to make your own little tote check back tomorrow when I'll post the instructions.
We do not procrastinate. We must be exact. We want to tell the simple truth, cut and dried, as quickly as possible.
On Sunday 04 March of this year 2012, I went to my good old Local Card Shop (LCS) "House of Cards" in Downtown Silver Spring, MD. I don't get there as often as I should. I won't mention the Non-Curly W stuff I got, but the "Piece de Resistance" was a Washington Senators Scorecard Program from 1965 for $15.00 in fantastic condition for a 47 year old program. The white paper is only slightly yellowed (shows mostly on the back along the middle edge, good old 1960s glossy magazine pages..
don't talk yourself out of wearing one because it looks hard to knot. Ironically, you have been knotting bow ties all your life. Just take a quick glance at your leather oxfords. Exactly. The manner in which you lace your dress shoes is the same way you knot a bow tie. So instead of knotting a bow in your shoes laces, you are simply knotting a bow with a piece of silk. If the task still seems daunting, choose a portion of your leg that closely mimics the circumference of your neck. Now pretend that you are lacing your shoe. When you have overcome the mental block that it is a bow tie, you can steadily move on to your neck. See...knotting made simple.
The hostel we had booked was a lovely little place – Terrazas Estoril, that we had chosen on the net and also contrare to recommendations. We’d figured that with a total of five nights in Buenos Aires and so much to see that we would try and stay out of harms way and have a few quiet nights to begin with. The Staff at Terrazas Estoril were awesome and only to happy to help (one of them managed to saw off the padlock on the locker when I lost my keys!). Our first mission when we arrived in BA, besides getting to our hostel safely, was to find Sonya a new camera and me a memory card. Surprise, I had left the memory card on my desk at work…
He was by then stark naked, his clothes in an untidy heap beside him on the stones. He would have liked to take a running jump into the water but for all he knew he might land in a tangle of rusty submerged barbed wire. And as for running, it took a moment or two to get used to walking barefoot on the rough stones. He walked straight in.
KEY TO VICTORY: FINDING AL SHEBAB UNITS
Ok so we all loved S-Club 7 back in the late 1990′s to the early 2000′s and to be fair they were successful and right for the music of the time. It made me cringe slightly when I saw that they were due to re-unite this summer for a tour and for two brand new albums. S Club 7 achieved four UK number one singles, a number one album and over 17 million record sales worldwide during their five-year stint.
we dream
3) add instant custard with cream
Stray dogs make their way to the back of butcher shops
After the album was completed the search for a label started and Amputated gave us the best offer so we signed there.
.: A heart is a fragile thing, that’s why we protect them so vigorously, give them away so rarely, and why it means so much when we do. Some hearts are more fragile than others, purer somehow. Like crystal in a world of glass. Even the way they shatter is beautiful :.
Gary Griffith is really the Minister of Natl Security
Assassin's Creed has always been quite close to my heart. Being of the games I really enjoy fooling around with. As the series progressed it became easy, easier and super ezmode. Playing Revelations, comparing it with the first game, is that it's more diverse but it also makes it easy. Right from get go, once you can sell bomb components you can practically buy the entirety of Constantinople (or Istanbul, whatever) without much effort. The only thing that really peeves me off are the Den Defense missions, they are incredibly boring from my perspective, the only reason for actually doing them though is the challenges requires 3 successful den defense.
Typically the term “beer goggles” is most associated with a condition that overindulgent males suffer from. But wondering minds and bar patrons want to know, do women suffer the same fate? To test this myth a study conducted by researchers at London’s Roehampton University involved more than 100 men and women in which they rate pairs of faces. Some were given beverages containing alcohol and others were given drinks without alcohol. The premise of the study was to have the study participants identify which faces were symmetrical and which were asymmetrical. Apparently symmetry is one of the major traits we use to measure the attractiveness of one person compared to another (I guess if you listen to those fancy mind doctors). Based on the results women were particularly bad at discerning between symmetrical and asymmetrical faces after consuming alcohol. There were no statistics given so I’m not sure how decisively the intoxicated women failed the symmetry test.
From the origins of detective noir to the latest modern iteration, McBride’s Frank Sinatra in a Blender is violent, gruesome, black and about as far away from The Big Sleep as you can get, while still clearly being its literary descendent. It’s noir and as hardboiled as you can get – McBride’s prose has the same rhythm and poetry of the originals of the genre, and, as with The Big Sleep, you know you’re in for something special right from the opening lines. Actually, you know you’re in for something special right from the title.
We’ve seen your ugly race pictures. But I want to see your favorite race picture! And an explanation of why. It can be ugly or pretty, solo or with a friend or group … whatever reason, as long as it’s your favorite. Oh my. I have to choose a favorite race photo? Strangely, I don’t have a lot of ugly race photos. Actually, there are probably ugly ones out there of me (I can think of one in particular from the Soldier Field 10 Mile where my form is horrific) but I haven’t saved any of them. For good reason.
Now it's time for you to hop on. Your next stop is Lils' blog! Thanks for playing along in our release hop and don't forget to leave your comments on each stop of the hop to be eligible for all the prizes!!! Have fun and good luck to all!
Some more work has gotten done in the flower gardens around the pool. (And in the veggie garden!)
Camp Merryelande is a family oriented place offering nice modern beach cottages and campgrounds. All our cottages are on the beach or have nice views of the beach and river. They are modern and come with WIFI, satellite TV, full kitchens including microwaves and coffee makers. For walk-in guests who don’t plan to stay Friday night, the Main event is on Saturday, August 11. But those who are making camping or cottage reservations are encouraged to join us and relax on the beach Friday night, August 10 as well.
If stories transmitted through myth in all ancient cultures are taken as genuine records of visual phenomena –plasma bursts in the heavens– we begin to see formative earth peoples experiencing life on a volatile planet among cataclysmic prehistoric events happening in their skies. Our recent past, by comparison, has been a peaceful one. We can imagine how such events must have instilled fear, but faith and belief that their leaders (god-kings in ancient Egypt, China, Babylon) could and did overcome such monsters is not in our makeup. By ignoring the heavens, we have become complacent: we are no longer skywatchers. Because our history relates few cosmic incidents, we are lulled into ignoring our unique connection to our star, its orbiting companions, the Milky Way galaxy which drives us and the great space of infinity beyond.
Most of the action, thus far, as taken place online in our first online readalong but the live events have started, wtih a presentation on how the original railroad bridges went from rail to trail (many of them are now part of a state park called the Overseas Heritage Trail) and a special guided tour of the Speedway to Sunshine exhibit at the Custom House (there’s another this Friday — you can still sign up by coming into the library or calling there at 305-292-3595).
www.accrispin.com
1089. Red Velvet Whoopie Pie @ the Mundy Estate (Charlotte, NC)
I give to you not only a mighty playlist of bitchin' grooves, but also some homespun album artwork courtesy Retrospace. This time 'round we've got a bunch of songs with one thing in common: all have the word "circle" in the title. Have no fear, Elton John's "Circle of Life" is nowhere to be found on this mix tape. Not only would that be an unforgivable affront to good taste, but I would also expect Disney lawyers to Kaiser Sosa my ass within five minutes of this posting.
It’s another piece of advice I’m giving out to the world that I should be following myself. I stopped writing a while ago (December? ONLY December? It feels like a lifetime!) and have been trying to get back into it for about a month now.
Since there was a good range in print size, the quality spectrum was also greatly varied. Those photographs with minimal post production had the best results, producing sharp, full tone range prints. This is mostly due to the manipulation of digital pixel, causing a softer edge and generally a more muted look.
Garry Hornby, University of Canterbury, New Zealand.
The chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later he called the national weather service. "Does it still look like it's going to be a very cold winter?"
78. Magician - Raymond E Feist
Scott Hamilton / Alex Wild, Blogging, and the Curse of Coolness / 213
The last verse in Ch 6 presents the great missiological challenge of all time…”How will I get Pharoah (those without a reference point with God) to listen to me?” (6:30). The question is not how to get a powerful God to save…or how to get a powerful God to desire to save. God is all-powerful and His heart/desire to save is already demonstrated (Jn 3:16/Rom 5:8, et.al.) The question is how do we communicate the message in such a way that it is understood and adhered to?
Heidi’s Egg and Cheese Bake is love in a 13×9 pan.
I am not really sure what this thing is called or when it was built exactly, so I am just calling it "Rotunda." This sits in the middle of parque central and is used in the evenings and weekends as a meet up/hang out point for Quetzaltenango's young people to chat, make out, and breakdance--just as I am sure the original Greek fetishing architects envisioned.
How to Buy a HD Flat Screen TV
o Once you know, communicate as soon as possible. People need information to take back control and plan for their personal situation.
For me, it was so nice to focus on such a large goal that was bigger than myself. I had a good race and raised over $7300 for a cause that just kept getting more amazing the more I learned about it … on a side note, just because the marathon’s over does not mean that cancer stops! There is still time to donate! Please go to my fundraising page to learn more about innovative cancer research at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
But I am starving.
First up...
Micheals ribbon
It filled her with love;
Imagine an invading army defeating and occupying Britain. Imagine their soldiers raping and murdering the British people. Imagine the foreign-led quisling police force ignoring the rapes and murders. Imagine the Vichy government and media covering up the details and promoting a two-minute hate campaign against the British resistance hiding out in the hills.
Bowden has promised fans that he plans on bringing the character to life with a maximum amount of honesty to the original.
I take him around the house, or rather up and down the house. It’s a sunny day and it looks nice; everything looks nice on a day like today. We tramp up the staircase, exchanging pleasantries, inasmuch as a smartly-dressed businessman and a hairy childcarer can trade their thoughts. We soon find ourselves standing in uncomfortable proximity at the top of the house.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Unfortunately, purging only reinforces binge eating. Though you may tell yourself, as you launch into a new diet, that this is the last time, in the back of your mind there’s a voice telling you that you can always throw up or use laxatives if you lose control again. What you may not realize is that purging doesn’t come close to wiping the slate clean after a binge.
Two items for class today:
Isadora bit her tongue to prevent anything slipping out that might ruin their time. She watched Trevor savor his buffalo.
-1 Mage Cloth - dropped by Sizar Mages and other mages in first floor of Thenton Tower (but Sizar Mages I've actually seen most often). You can also buy them in AvLynyss Item Shop for 40,000 gold.
In weaker veins shall run.
reported to have been shot in front of his wife and children at point
Now you have a chance to win an amazing prize pack from Wilton! The prize pack will include:
“What? Tell us what? Out with it, man.” Edward removed his leather gloves and gripped them in one hand.
Is what Andrew said to me when I asked him why it's taking so long to bake this baby, and I was this close to yelling, "WELL WE BOTH KNOW WHOSE HOT DOG IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS."
Next, add the rice, salt, curry powder, mustard powder, parsley, ground black pepper and almonds. Allow all the ingredients to heat through and then pour in the half-and-half. Let the soup gently simmer for about 1 hour, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. The soup should not boil but should simmer over low heat so that it thickens slowly.
18 He that believeth on the Son is not condemned; but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the Name of the Only Begotten Son of God.
Paper: GP white, Bazzill basics REDS
well, that's how i learned that when it comes to certain things, this guy is NOT the average! he's blazing right on past the normal milestone markers and has decided he's gonna do things his own way! i knew we were in trouble when, before he turned six months, he started pulling himself up to stand using the spindles of his crib when he was supposed to be sleeping... the little snot! *wink*
He tries to move on, going for new friends, a new school, and a new job, but all his changes can’t make him forget what he left behind—his mother, who is still trapped with his dad, and his ex-girlfriend, who is keeping his secret.
So how do we make sure all the essentials are met? Well first off if you are working in an essential service you will get the better holidays/working hours as discussed but for things like food and what we call consumer items how do we make sure this is dealt with sanely? Well there is the option of setting limits on what is reasonably expected an average human in your position needs of any given thing, such as no-one needs more than 5 loaves of bread a day or 5 working TVs at any one time or something like that. People can get different kinds of allowances for different things, such as essential allowances to cover the basics that everyone gets and then health allowance for special needs and work allowance for things you need in order to carry out your job and these would be assessed individually based on the position you hold, but should never be excessive.
"We're going to miss our flight," Josh nearly shouted at the man. "I'll sit down if you tell me that you know where we're going."
Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC Family ... 11 AM
All this ‘fictional, ‘filmy’ blah blah is fine, but where the film actually scores ‘flat-out brilliance’ points is the entire Abraham (Emraan) and Silk (Vidya) thread. Though a tad under-developed, it was so refreshing to see such a man-woman equation in a hindi movie. As I mentioned earlier, all the elements of this equation, like male-insecurity, jealousy, craving for the ‘prohibited’, are all there in the dialogues. Maybe you can say its less ‘showing’ more ‘telling’, but Emraan and Vidya, both have such scorching screen presence that when dialogues are delivered they work like fireworks celebrating the very existence of ‘dialogue-baazi’ in our movies. If both would’ve just exchanged looks without the dialogues the screen would’ve been trembling, but when you can burn the screen with the dialogues why would you wont use them.
I started off with, of course, Pool Party card stock cut at 5-1/2" x 8-1/2" and scored it at 4-1/4". Next I cut a piece of Whisper White card stock 4" x 5-1/2". I stamped the doily from Hello Doily onto the Whisper White card stock in Pool Party ink and adhered the card stock onto the card front.
While that’s going on, you make quinoa. (I confess, I always screw up quinoa. I don’t know why. The package says one cup quinoa to two cups of water, which is what I did, but still it ended up a bit mushy.)
Stampin Up- Flight of the Butterfly
However, Iblis plays a much smaller role in Islamic theology (and I’d guess, anecdotally, Islamic literature) than the Devil in the Christian tradition, and is most often portrayed as appearing in human guise on earth to teach wrong beliefs – so, for example, many early Islamic heresiographies (books of heresy) record the founder of particularly extreme sects as being Iblis himself, who appeared in human form to teach the members of the movement wrong beliefs. There is still an idea of Iblis as corrupting humanity, like the Devil in Christianity, but Iblis does this in a much more practical, much less supernatural way, again usually by talking to people and manipulating their teaching.
When we call for freedom and democracy, then by default, we stand with Israel. When we call for truth and honesty with regard to Islam, then we stand with Israel. When we call for bravery, determination and sacrifice in our struggle against Islam then we stand with Israel. When we call for the right to free speech and the right to a peaceful existence, then we stand with Israel.
By Christof Lehmann – Aarhus – nsnbc. Yesterday the Danish City of Aarhus became the focus and meeting point of the European Right, including the English Defense League, the Danish Defense League, and right-wing to fascist organizations from Finland, Poland, Russia, Germany and other European nations. It is likely that the right wing meeting can be considered as a seminal event for gathering the European Right under a common program. The meeting was outnumbered by the biggest demonstration in Aarhus since 2006, with approximately 5.000 people marching through the city, shouting slogans like “No fascism in our streets – Make Place for Everybody who makes Place for Everybody“, and most prominently “Aarhus for Diversity“.
frequency..in another vibrational time
As you read this, I am cruising around the Eastern Caribbean with the crazy bead ladies taking part in The Bead Cruise. The travel agent putting on The Bead Cruise is an agency called Memory Cruisin'. I thought it would be fun to take a spin off that memory theme and take a stroll down memory lane here on the blog. Can you believe I've been blogging for more than 7, SEVEN, years?!? Wild isn't it? All week you'll find a blast from the past post. Who doesn't like to get a little sentimental?
Don't you just love life's little surprises? :) Have a fantastic weekend!
Liz, sandwich spotter from above, brought back this great mud from her vacation in Lake Chapala, Mexico. After one holiday shindig died down, Jennifer and I decided to beautify ourselves. And Bill, we decided to beautify Bill. Here is is, crying "noooooo!"
It just goes to show that the best defense is still a good offense.
What can you do with banjo
May you always know the truth
The skies above are clear again
Tine vs. The Berger....goes to Tine. These are phenomenal treats but I realize the danger they pose. I am willing to run the extra two miles just to indulge in two of these scrumptious delicacies. The Berger is definitely something every Marylander should experience, but heed my warning...just buy one pack at a time. At 140 calories a pop, they are a spare tire just waiting to happen.
St. Patrick’s Day was celebrated on March 17 and in Suffolk County, St. Paddy’s Day is a very big deal. There is a huge parade, bakeries sell Irish soda bread throughout the month (it’s great toasted and slathered with lots of butter), bars sell green beer and some grocery stores even sell green bagels. The city declares a holiday (officially called Evacuation Day) and the parking meters are off.
Gwyneth
As I found out late in October, the leaf peeping season is a couple or so weeks away from its peak. But I already drove the 250 miles to get to my leaf peeping spot and by hook or by crook I was going to get me some fall color shots.
DJ’s Khomza, Voqul and YFM’s MS Cosmo kept us on our feet, whilst some were just getting down to the core. I actually feel the technical clichés issue is becoming a habit mo Kasi, but I’m also assuming there isn’t much that can be done about it. Is it really inevitable? Can it be somehow reduced? Something most promoters have to look at. But focusing on the positive it really was a good night and I enjoyed myself.
Even when I do a mistake, everyone says “there there” and showers me with affection.
Being a morning person is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
The Mosque will be located at Park Heights and Slade Avenue, barely a block from the very epicenter of Jewish Baltimore. It will be across Slade Avenue from Baltimore Hebrew Congregation and its Day School – the very oldest Jewish congregation in Baltimore. It will be diagonal from Temple Oheb Shalom, whose sanctuary was designed by the great architect Walter Gropius. Across Park Heights Avenue will be the Suburban Club, a 100 year old Jewish country club. Within a mile of it will be Chizuk Amuno Congregation and my ‘almamater’, the Krieger Schechter Day School which it houses, Beth Tfiloh Congregation and its day school, and Beth El Congregation. Those are three of the world’s largest synagogues. Within a mile and a half is the Seven Mile Market, which recently expanded to become the single largest kosher supermarket in the world. Within a two mile radius will be dozens and dozens of small orthodox congregations, dozens of Jewish retirement homes, the Ner Israel Yeshiva, Sol Levinson & Brothers Funeral Home, Sinai Hospital, The Suburban House, Lenny’s and Miller’s Delis, and roughly ten kosher restaurants. It is a Mosque located at the absolute center of Jewish Baltimore. For nearly half a century, no new church dared open its doors near Upper Park Heights Avenue for the knowledge that that attracting new membership would be a fool’s errand. It is perhaps the sole place in America whose commercial districts are guaranteed not to have Christmas decorations in the winter.
I went to bed that night feeling very calm and accepting.
Yes it is rare to find a full British menu in Australia. So this is an absolute delight to the Aussie pallette.
And on Friday, Hilary celebrates a naive painter and his unlikely influence on a generation of English artists, in Alfred Wallis, Artist and Mariner, by Robert Jones.
Now here we are! What my mother taught me is not true. The rejection of my marriage and children by my black in-laws, and the complete destruction of our entire extended family by divorce, has helped me to turn inward to my immediate family in order to protect them. I realized at some point that I was on a mission placed before me and that I had a job to do. We have been led, I believe by God, into a new way of thinking. Since last year, we have turned 180 degrees politically, and have adopted very conservative values. We have lost all of our liberal friends in the process, but have strengthened our family in many ways. We have become religious and very concerned with the future of our country.
"If a serving senior Federal Court judge who presided in Teoh's RCI can be ignored by the AG, then what is the weight of the recommendations by Hanif (left) or Shim to him?"
This job was pretty good. I enjoyed what I was doing, the people in the office were pretty great (and the back office, where I was, was very small. 4 people, and we all got along pretty well. BONUS!) Other than spelling the receptionist for her lunch and breaks, I didn’t have to deal with anyone outside the office, and the pay plus benefits were rather awesome! We even had a rotation of 4/10 day workdays – each week, one of the back office people would work Mon. – Thurs., with Friday off, so that we could take care of things like Dr. appointments, or shopping, or just lazing on a three day weekend.
The Design Team have some examples for you:-
Editors Note: This week’s “Two-Minute Warning” is hosted by John Stonestreet and Timothy George. Next week, Chuck Colson’s pre-recorded broadcast on the cardinal virtues starts. In total, we have an eight-part series, four of which Chuck recorded.
We've thought about acquiring horses and making a go of it, but we live on a .15-acre (that's POINT 15 acre) lot in a homeowners association that doesn't allow small farmyard animals, let alone hay-burning, manure-making modes of transport. Paying someone else to allow us to keep horses inconveniently away from our home doesn't make sense. Plus, we have nowhere here to store a trailer or other matters horse related. (No trailer parking in the street OR in our own driveway, and our side yards are so narrow there's no way a trailer of ANY description can be hidden behind the side fences. I can barely get our trash can to fit through the gate on garbage day.)
Click on the link below to see Red's blog post (in Japanese) on Bailey's Taproom, which he calls downtown Portland's best beer bar: ダウンタウン・ポートランドのベスト・ビール・バー
Hercules loved nothing more than to run through fields and forests, or to plunge for a cooling dip into a lake or river. Spring through autumn were his seasons. He never grew accustomed to winter, being prone to ice buildup in his paws, and our only attempt to fit him with booties provided some despairing looks and an exaggerated clown walk.
Knowing what I’m supposed to do,
Let him have your submerged treasure
sex: Female
UK Gold Limited, operator of the ‘Dave’ comedy TV channel, applied to register the word mark DAVE as a Community trade mark (CTM) for goods and services in classes 9, 16, 28, 35, 38, and 41. Of these, classes 38 and 41 would appear to be the most crucial for UK Gold's business, given they include ‘broadcasting’ and ‘organization, production, presentation, distribution, syndication, and rental of television programmes’. The filing date of the application was 18 July 2007.
Mini tennis balls
Why, then, do I feel so uneasy about this push for Literacy, targeted directly at our boys?
This was clear with the death of my sister Christine. After viewing her body at the hospital, I went out to speak with family members. Christine’s husband – Ed – started to sob uncontrollably. For a few moments I felt like I was transcending the provincialism of time. I thought about the 20-watts of energy, and about experiments that show a single particle can pass through two holes at the same time. I could not dismiss the conclusion: Christine was both alive and dead, outside of time.
“You knew what to look for,” he said quietly.
Status: On hold at the the library, #2 in the queue.
I haven't stressed too much this week about making too many things. But I love creating so I made these two Roman rag doll cuties.
11-I can only change myself
“… spirit element has always existed; it is co-eternal with God…. It is also called intelligence…. portions of the self-existent spirit element are born as spirit children, or in other words… is organized into intelligences” (Mormon Doctrine, 1977 ed., p. 751).
I used some scrap Brilliant Blue CS and matching DP. I coloured the kitty with copics and added some rhinestones & ribbon! I love making projects like this - they make me feel like I'm not "wasting" paper! When I can use up the GAZILLION scraps I have, I feel better!!!! LOL
She tried to relax, to remember the sensation when Kinn and Fenne had been playing their music, tried to recapture that instant when the music had changed into something different, deeper. Still music, still present, but quiet as an in-held breath, expectant, interwoven with wonder. . . .
“But that’s how cats are, Letizia!”
So let us review the specifications, payment mode & transparency in procuring the laptops.
512-406-1157 cell
I think there is a spectrum in the way we view God’s guidelines. On one side, we view them as restrictive rules that don’t bring freedom and peace. We resent them, refuse to acknowledge them and resist anyone who tries to call us to the table when we aren’t following them. At times on this spectrum, we are afraid to tell anyone about them because we see them as a negative in our own lives. We don’t see the freedom and therefore we don’t feel there is anything positive to share. We hate the guidelines and can’t understand their propose. This is a heart issue. On the other side of the spectrum, we focus on guidelines so much that we can’t live life. We tell everybody about the guidelines and turn people off because we aren’t focused on the outcome, but rather the guideline itself. We live a life that is restrictive and speak of our martyrdom; we resist anyone who speaks of freedom. The difference on this side is that we acknowledge the rules, and make them a huge part of our lives. However, the similarity is that we aren’t living in communion with God because if we were, we wouldn’t be on either end of the spectrum. There would be a healthy understanding of the guidelines and an inward and outward gratitude for the freedom the bring. Neither of these ends of the spectrum are healthy our what God has intended. As I said before, God intends these guidelines to bring freedom and enhance our lives. It is an issue of the heart and maturity when we find ourselves not in the middle of the spectrum, which is in a committed relationship with Christ.
The hardest part is recording your own voice without cringing at the result. The second hardest is gently underlining how the English "eat their words" without going at a wholly natural speed. These are a bit of a fiddle to make at the beginning, but I find I can knock them out in half an hour flat now including finding images and making the vids.
Moreover, the regular influx of Tibetans has resulted in the disappearance of the racial characteristics of ‘Dards’, the original Indo-Aryan inhabitants of Ladakh. Most of its 200,000 large population, especially of eastern and central Ladakh, bears much resemblance to Tibetans and Central Asians. But who’s bothered?
Removes the intellectual causes of preoccupation blockage
Okay, it’s not quite like that. It’s EVEN BETTER. I’m currently the author of the world’s HIGHEST SELLING (free) ‘unicorn sharehousing comedy fantasy story featuring a protagonist called Stanley’, and don’t even try telling me that hasn’t been your dream since childhood.
Another thing I’d like to note before I continue: on March 31, I returned home from a mission trip to Guatemala with my church. After we landed, our pastor told us all that, being in Guatemala, we were ‘on a mountain’ and that the transition back home could put us ‘in a valley’, but God called us to follow Him on mountains and in valleys. So I think April 1st, I fell into my valley and I’m still waiting to get out. (I guess I need to thank Pastor Dave for preparing me for the valley I’d be stuck in for the month of April)
- JMD Pratza by kanu Mangotra in the food space
The beauty of God not treasured.
You’ll bruise yourself jumping to conclusions, but, hey, be my guest. Fortunately, your judgments as to my orthodoxy are simply that: your judgments.
The Whites who explored China were just as racist as those who explored Africa, but their descriptions were different from what they and the Arabs had written about Africans. In 1275 Marco Polo arrived in China from his native Italy to open trade with the Mongol Empire. He found that the Chinese had well built roads, bridges, cities connected by canals, census takers, markets, standardized weights and measures, and not only coins, but paper money as well. Even a postal system was in existence.
Paths vary;
I can justify it often though, because of the different covers. First of all, I hate the cliché 'don't judge a book by it's cover', because while I know that authors rarely have control over what actually ends up encasing their work, sometimes you just have to turn a book over because of the cover, staring up at you in strangely inconsistent oblivion. When I'm loafing around the bookstore 90% of the reason I pick up a random book for it's cover (the rest is the title), so you know, you have to judge a book by something, really.
"It's enough," Jack said, "But it's hard to understand without Watchtower study materials to interpret it."
According to a report in Israel Defense News, the new subs’ advanced Israeli “super secret” systems, once installed, will be comparable to those “found perhaps only in U.S. nuclear submarines.”
--750 new office jobs (30 percent of 2500).
Blackbird's Anniversaries of the Heart. It's quickly becoming a favorite! I ended up tea dying the fabric because it was too white and not very antique-y looking. I haven't put any special people in yet. I'm still collecting names and dates. I have a little book I keep with the charts and I add thoughts as I have them. Last night I was looking through some stitchy magazines for small symbols representing members of my family. I found a wonderful little photo of a karate kid which will be perfect for my grandson! This piece is so much fun to stitch.
90. Attend a comedy show
04. Wild Fire Willie
and racing a 10 year-old through the obstacle course. After that, we handed over the cleaning to younger, more energetic people...It's hard to say how clean things got, but they did race through there with spray bottles and rags...
8. Things you collect
It's my 30th birthday!
From ev'ry depth of good and ill
I have also used one of the Die-namics swirl die to cut out in pink card this has been stuck down the right handside, then I used some of the left over script paper with the Royal Rose rolled die from Die-namics cut it out then rolled it up and placed it at the top of the swirl. To finish of I have used 6 black pearls in two sizes down the left and right hand sides.
Jennifer trying to blow out all those candles
Haven’t done much chatting since my friend has not been around much this week. Been busy with other things. I rarely venture into any random chat rooms these days. I’m kind of happy just to visit one or two rooms on a regular basis. After all the years I’ve put into it I have started to feel like I’d want to do something else with my time. Sure it’s fun making new friends but there are also other aspects which are not as much fun.
I used to have a part-time job at a local Wendy’s here and I often grabbed kid’s meal freebies that looked interesting for one reason or another. I am not entirely sure why I grabbed these as I am not known to be a fan of monster trucks and yet here they are and still in the original packaging. From what I can glean from the internets it appears they came from a promotion in 2004.
obvious. “Attorning” means to take all of the property of the People
Happy May 1st.....
The Stooges – Have Some Fun: Live At Ungano’s
Dear Princess,
This will be a lawyers delight.
Besides the food there were souvenirs. All sorts of cheap touristy crap. There were Ulu knife sets for $3.99 – a very popular item in the group. From my two trips to Alaska I still didn’t buy those knives – just don’t know what to do with them. They may be ok as a souvenir to put on a shelf. Other than that I doubt I’ll ever use one as a real knife. But those $3.99 ones were made in China. I mean, seriously? In Alaska to buy traditional Ulu knife made in China (the box very explicitly stated that the set was designed in Alaska, but still). However, I did find a very nice jade bears explicitly labeled Made in Alaska, though a bit more expensive.
Well, he also consistently and publicly criticize those who are not member of a big domain called “kaibigan, inc.”
Q: How is the real world the enemy of the writer? What can we do about this?
For me? Not the easiest of tasks. But not impossible either. I will simply have to put forth some effort. But I can manage it. Hey...if I can give up my X-Box controllers for a week I think I can manage it. And I never even mentioned in the blog (was too busy playing X-Box, 'NATCH) that two weeks ago yesterday was my THREE YEAR ANNIVERSARY from having smoked my last cigarette. Ever.
When I opt for this option I don’t do anything about creating opportunities for myself which might give me a better future.
Vocally the real problems were the two leads though. Ellen Orford's music is extraordinarily beautiful in this opera, and requires an extremely good lyric soprano to do it justice. Amanda Roocroft is a magnificent actress as we've seen in her assumption of the Janacek heroines at ENO, but unfortunately vocal problems persist. She once had an extremely beautiful full lyric voice, and while it remains this in the warm middle voice, the top is strident and metallic, rather than blooming and full. The quiet top B flat in the Embroidery aria wasn't even attempted, instead she just stopped halfway through the interval and sang the line from where she stopped. Ben Heppner is well past his prime, and is completely beset by vocal problems - he can't sing quietly, all wide intervals are heavily scooped into, everywhere there are tuning issues, the top is extremely strained, the line bulges as he applies force about half a second into each note. Apparently he's doing Tristan with Stemme next month at the Bayerische Staatsoper - something to dread.
In Paradise he prays God give him rest,
So go get yourself a bottle of Barossa Valley wine for $30 or less; Shiraz, Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling or otherwise…and let everyone know on April 25 what you think about the ”return of the Barossa Boomerang”. Kindly use #wbw76 on all tweets and references. I will provide a recap here and at the Wine Blogging Wednesday site no more than a couple days following April 25. So be sure to tweet all your links, share all your stories, (include those hashtags everywhere) so we (appreciate the ongoing support of Tim Elliot and Lenn Thompson towards making #wbw76 fun and successsful) can help pass your experiences and content on to even more winos by including your stories in all the wrap-ups.
My dreams have been extra vivid lately. When I woke up I was able to draw out the floor plan for the house from my dream... so I did for kicks. xD We all have different ways we waste our time. ;)
So Corpus Christi may well have wished to forget that Marlowe existed. There is precedence for this too. Henry Butts, Corpus Christi master in 1632, worked heroically to relieve suffering during the plague, but later went insane. This was deemed ‘a disgrace’, and his portrait was taken down and hidden.
Photo by Resepi Diana
Have you joined the merry band of followers? Have you bookmarked the page? Have you become unruly on Facebook or joined the Unruly Yahoo Group? Lots of ways to stay in touch. Just visit the blog and you will see where to join up.
On the fourth Armenian Remembrance Day of his presidency, President Obama has for the fourth time in a row broken his promise to the Armenian community to use the word “genocide” in describing what happened at the hands of the Turks roughly a century ago.
The fun stuff!! I had my 22 week u/s with the MFM on 12/27 and everything looked amazing!! As soon as the tech put the probe on my belly we saw a penis! Again, my little boy clearly is not shy and is obviously a boy! She then went and found Baby A and although stubborn as usual, she was not being coy and she is absolutely a she! We saw the labia and no penis! That was about all she cooperated with as we couldn't get a good profile picture...we did get one of her cute little feet, though! And when they did the internal u/s to check my cervix length, all you could see was her kicking down there - brat! He was being good - we got a great profile picture and the tech turned on the 3D and we got to see him!!! I'll admit, it's a bit creepy and awesome all at the same time!
Minor League Update -
In conclusion, I need to learn to let go… that refers to the runs that I have missed, even if they are long runs, and start each week fresh. I also need to pay extra attention that I recover properly from each run. This means rigorous stretching, icing, elevating, sleeping in compression garments, nutrition. With uni, 12wbt and everything that’s currently going on in my life, I need to get organized. Planning is key to success, they say. Well, I drew up my fitness plan for March and nearly choked on my breakfast seeing how busy I will be the coming month. Yikes!
Sjora Crew:
Not to be deterred, climate alarmists insist that the climate is changing in new ways -- for example, in the "extreme weather" that has purportedly struck the U.S. since 2005. Focusing on Hurricane Katrina in that year and an outbreak of deadly tornadoes in 2011, alarmists contend that the weather is becoming more extreme and that climate change is the cause.
Joey’s not feeling so good. Maybe it was the ice-creams that did it.
I've decided that even I can do a better job than that, so friend of mine who has been a groomer, but now only does a few out of her home, has offered to teach me... gonna be getting my shears soon... but I think I have awhile before his hair will be long enough to even straighten out... maybe I can find him a little puppy wig??? Or in his case, a toupee!!! Thank goodness it is summer or I would have to whip out a doggie sweater for the poor thing.
I take a new EW and flip through the pages, identifying the major stories, the main reviews of movies, television, DVDs, music, and books. Then I pick through the first pages. These are short articles about certain popular artists of the week, entertainment picks for the week, and a column called “News and Notes” which gives interesting information about various entertainment industry issues without pandering to giving “news” about who slept with whom.
NOTE: For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them. And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed.
‘Yes. that’s right it was…’
Sitting in front of the computer and typing in “craigslist.org” in the browser section of “google chrome” was one of the slowest-going things I’ve had to do for a while. I just dreaded that it would mean more the same endless drudgery that burned me out in the first place. The computer screen felt like it was disappearing further and further into the distance the longer I sat there, waiting, willing myself to press “enter” on my keyboard. I just didn’t want to start this all over again.
Thirds, I used the punched cardstock as a mask on this colored Hero Art's card, and stamped with a lettering stamp. you can use any stamp. then without lifting the mask cardstockm i traced the hearts on to the card with Copic Spica red.
The tatting is a pattern that is available in the book Tatting by Tatsy and you see about 1/3 of what I am making, that is all I will say about that for now.
I am never not happy at the sight of these flowers, either on the way to work or while running errands or just roaming around the city. In a city that has grown amazingly hot and dry, these flowers, along with the gulmohars, seem to provide a burst of cheery colour to soothe your frayed nerves.
So, how much sense does it make for us actively to increase the adult population of what is already a vastly over-populated, environmentally devastated and economically dependent country?
Throughout my visit, we smothered each other in kisses and hugs, played "Tickle and Tackle" (I made that one up; it's played as it sounds.) and couldn't stop laughing. I already miss my five year old love bug.
Whinging on and on about his exhausting kitchen bitch shifts at Café C.
The 6 day experience for your son or daughter is R1 200 for the accommodation, food, lectures, manuals and activities. When you consider that the Summit protects against a destructive influence on campus, it’s a small price to pay. Considering the value of your child’s soul, it’s priceless.
* George Washington and Thomas Jefferson both grew hemp.
Do you believe in dreams?
Friday………………….1/27/12: Yoga
Discreet police barricades hide under archways, containing too easily the sprawling encampment. I want to feel more but I don't. It just reminds me of Goose fair in Nottingham.
Another former Muslim, writer Ibn Warraq, visited Denmark to launch his book Why I am not a Muslim. In an interview, Ibn Warraq stated that especially among the Left there is a post-colonial guilt complex that constitutes an almost insuperable obstacle to any criticism of Islam and Third World cultures. The Left have thus put their own, universal values aside in favor of a dangerous relativism. Ibn Warraq pointed out that more than fifty years after the West left its colonies in the Third World, Leftists are still blaming all the ills of Africa and the Middle East on the former colonial powers, while the same left-wingers only ten years after the fall of Communism blamed Russia’s troubles on unrestrained capitalism. “The Left refuses to seek answers elsewhere. At the same time they are, because of Marx, accustomed to look for economic explanations to everything. Consequently, they seek the explanation to Islamic terrorism in the economic situation. But it is a great mystery to me how 200 dead people in Madrid are supposed to help the poor in the Islamic world.”
My little boy turned seven a few days ago and with it, I turned a new corner in my life. It was a day of celebration, a day of happiness and a day in which I was quietly noting the beginning of a new stage in my life. At least that’s how it seems.
We had a long layover in Denver, so I tried to get some sleep under a row of seats near our terminal. The airport was really quiet at such an early hour, but our terminal was right next to a moving sidewalk from which a very loud, automated voice emanated roughly every minute. It was an annoyingly cheery robotic female voice warning people, in English and Spanish, that the moving sidewalk was coming to an end and to watch their step. It seemed completely unnecessary and I think that's what really ended up getting to me in the end.
Lay sweet potatoes in the pan.
CHICAGO — The City of Chicago must hire 111 black firefighter applicants who were passed over for jobs years ago and pay tens of millions of dollars in damages to about 6,000 other black candidates under a ruling issued on Friday by a federal appeals court.
Rating: 5 stars~ Couldn't put this down!
It is great to create reusable code, but it does not have to handle every future scenario that you can dream up. Instead, stick with the stated features needed but organize the code in a way that makes it easy to extend and improve in future releases. As you develop the code, do team code reviews to identify how to better reuse code, to spot troubled code and to reorganize for maximum maintainability.
I don't have any answers. Over the years, in spite of the accepting environment that is unschooling, my kids have wrestled with shame and fear and feelings of inadequacy. They've had their dark moments. I can only speculate about what has gotten them through those moments and what was missing in this boy's life or psyche that he couldn't do the same.
a flow that allows me to type my thoughts
Matt R: 3.8
Oh how we all want more. However, sometimes what we really want is less. I know many of the things I have wanted lately are less of. I want less pain. I want less cold. I want less of a cold. I want less mean and nasty people. I want less bad food. Sorry, I can see that in wanting less I am blocking MORE. Because I don’t really want those things at all. I want my body to feel more pleasure. I want to feel more warmth. I want to be able to breathe more, and better. I want more nice people. And I so want more good food. Yeah, I really did title this right. I want to be getting MORE. I realized in typing this that I am not a selfish person. On the contrary as I ask for MORE of what I really want that I am increasing the good and as anything good increases it gets bigger and better.
Album Verdict: 91% – Look out for a proper album review.
#1) "We believe that the future of our Communion relies on adherence to Scriptural authority, faithful and Christ-centred preaching of this word, the blessing of God’s Holy Spirit, godly leadership and the spiritual commitment of God’s people." (From here)
Yankee Judging a Texas Chili Cook-off
The pattern seemed in no hurry to change, so I asked out loud within my vision, “OK, how do I get past this?” No change. “Isn’t there a door somewhere?”
Ever have a conversation that you have an idea on how its going to go, then all of a sudden, you realize, before I speak, I need to ask some questions.
It stayed that way until the bottom of the TWELFTH when Pete Levin and Albert Cartwright starting the inning with singles. Brandon Trip was patient and earned a walk to load the bases. Then “Big” Jim Murphy stepped to the dish and whacked one that Ross and I thought was going to go over the wall. It fell short of being a grand slam by only a few inches, but it did score the winning run.
Note that it was a tad ironic for Bloomberg to read, a bit stumblingly, press release praise for Atlantic Yards Community Benefits Agreement (CBA) signatories after he'd previously denounced CBAs as "extortion." Of course he didn't recognize that job-training group BUILD has been sued.
I feel detached and disenchanted.
Is it a faux pas to discuss politics on a blog that is about parenting, green living, and overall goodness? Probably, but I'm doing it anyway. I care dammit and it breaks my heart that my generation is generalized as an apathetic, lazy bunch of moochers who keep themselves uninformed in order to continue being said losers. I believe those people exist mind you, I'm "friends" with lots of them on facebook, but I don't believe they are the majority.
Thank You live in Kino Šiška, music tells it all – fantastic perfomance
This is important, and therefore it is important that US citizens, lawmen and politicians stand up when people are getting tortured and humiliated. Not just become everybody e who stands accused of a crime deserves a fair trial, but also to the rule of law and its principles is a big part of what is worth defending against those terrorists who are trying to bring down the civilized society .
One that we will pay for literally forever.
Coralie in Canada
"Let's see what happens when we make the earthling consume mass quantities of Carbonated caramelized sugar water within a ten second period of time."
This time however two concerned young men asked me if they could help; they didn’t ask if I was present although I thought they surely could see that I was stuck there in my muffled minioned stew stirred by the warlock — that young progenitor of aforementioned concoctery, but this time I did not fall down. I recognized the state. I saw my plexus and embraced it wholeheartedly. Lost in a box store as was everyone there but I knew it I was present not chemically altered lest you, dear reader, suppose. Forty years of mountain sitting could not have brought me closer to the seed, the essence. Death perhaps maybe but forever forward knowing and I avoiding the horrors of the store-in-a-box story.
The colour is deep dark eggplant purple with an awesome texture inbetween creme and jelly. Probably I mentioned before that such a texture is very characteristic for Andreia polishes, together with a crazy gloss - there is NO top coat on the pictures!! As usual, I'm very pleased with Andreia, and I recommend all of you to get some and to see yourself how great they are. If they are not sold around, you might try to find a Portuguese swap buddy : )
24. For several centuries the practice prevailed in the Church of giving children the Eucharist after the sacrament of baptism….For the last four centuries, the Western church has not given the Eucharist to children after baptism. But it must be admitted that the Rituals of the Oriental churches contain a rite of Communion for children after baptism. Assemanus the Younger (Codicis Liturgici), bk. 2, p. 149) gives the ceremony of conferring baptism among the Melchites. On page 309, he quotes the Syrians’ baptismal ceremony as it was published by Philoxenus, the Monophysite Bishop of Mabbug, and on p. 306, the ceremony from the ancient Ritual of Severus, Patriarch of Antioch and leader of the Monophysites. He gives also the ceremonies of baptism observed by the Armenians and Copts (bk. 3, p. 95 and 130). All of these ceremonies command that the Eucharist should be given to children after baptism.
I remember not wanting to nurse Josiah anymore like I'd planned too. I know that I loved him, but I just didn't have anything to give just right then. I laid there, with him beside me in that glass crib that they put babies in and at that moment I needed him near me. I picked him up and as stared at him. I didn't really know what to think, except that he looked like his father to me. The thought made me smile. The smile warmed my heart and then I cried. I didn't really know why I was crying. Was I happy or was I sad?
Well somewhere between stop and go and HOLY CRAP all hell broke loose!!!
Have you ever been so hungry you morphed into an evil witch? Rather than cautious, the driver ahead of you seems irritating-tortoise-like slow. No—criminal. And if she doesn’t get her act together soon, you might provide a subtle NUDGE. Or worse…
Peggy’s character indicates the birth of a cultural revolution – the modern woman. Smart, loving, and domestic but still ambitious, the modern woman is relatable because she is present in society today. Peggy embodies the classic internal struggle present in women of the 60’s – choosing between a successful career and a family of her own. In season one, Peggy has a short-lived affair with Peter Campbell and shortly thereafter learns she is pregnant. She carries the baby full term, puts him up for adoption, and returns to work.
Web design is the art of creating web pages, this emphasis on creativity and use of technologies such as the use of HTML, CSS, ASP, SSL, PHP, XML and others. In short we can say that web design is a collective work aims to create web pages.
I've got an alright resume, already: Joseph and The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Nunsense, La Cage Aux Follies, My Fair Lady, Falsettos. And sure, this was all for little theater companies in Sacramento, but it's not like the music I learned will change anytime soon, let alone that I was able to learn it, and that gives me faith that there is nothing separating me from my dreams.
I will not let teaching erase me. I will not be obliterated through deadlike pinkish walls, by playing the subaltern adjunct game. Every day a new chair to sit in, a new temporary office. I threaten to disappear. Will not. I will steal myself away. Sylvia Plath at Smith (you are not Sylvia, you are not at Smith). I write so that I can be I. I write to say fuck-all with reason. To say fuck-all with composition. I will not compose myself. Compose yourselves class. Compose yourselves.
I've known these clients for several years and have been working with them on updating their seaside home in phases. My first project with them was providing a new paint scheme for the homes exterior. That was way back in 2007. Above is an image of the exterior which faces the water.
09 - Good Rockin Tonite 03:26
a certain person who was caught gathering pieces of gold out of the
Artists including Cate Blanchett, Damien Hirst, Wynton Marsalis, Yoko Ono and Ai Wei Wei are set to take part.
Brazil’s central bank said it sees a “high” chance of the benchmark Selic rate falling to a single digit, after cutting the rate last week for a fourth straight time to 10.5 percent.
As you notice there are tallies by some of the words! We have a challenge! Every time the children use the word throughout the day in the correct context, we get a tally! Check out how many we have already!
For example, we don’t see much of Daenerys. Just a quick glimpse of her with her depleted khalsar, wandering the red waste with a dragon on her shoulder.
a pebble
Here' s the gig--I am a writer. I firmly believe in the powers of the First Amendment and the protection of free speech in this country. The First Amendment is one of the cornerstones of our Constitution.
Michelle has created a plan to cook all 5 dinners for the week in just ONE hour. All the menu plans have family friendly meals that feed 4-6 people and no, they are not all casseroles. :)
Method number two was much more successful. For one thing it sounded exciting – ‘pecorino Toscano stagionato with fig paste’ sounds almost like a poem. I have one Rick Tramonto to thank for it, and a www.tastebook.com reference to it and his surely excellent book, Osteria. Pecorino could be set aside however – it was Rick’s spiced fig paste that I craved. Creation of it was utter simplicity. The figs are baked for a while until “dried and shrunk by about a quarter”. For my version, read: “shrunk and a smidge cremated due to the completely unregulated furnace that is our ancient, rescued-from-the-scrapman Smeg cooker”. A cup of port is boiled with rosemary to kill off the alcohol, reduce and season, then added to the baked figs, anointed with olive oil, salt, pepper and orange zest. A food processor reduces the lot to paste in short order. My version employed red wine and balsamic vinegar in the absence of port, plus a bit of cinnamon, cardamom and nutmeg to add Eastern mystique. A hand-held blender did the pasting perfectly well.
Happy Monday!! I am actually posting this on a Monday morning with my coffee by my side. Wouldn't it be nice to do this everyday, hehe! I love long weekends. Hope you all had a wonderful weekend. Ours was very quiet but that's ok!
friendly microbes play a huge role in our digestive and immune systems.
We were given this little wooden basket which we stained with Plaid Folkart stain, colour Apple Butter Brown, how delicious does that name sound.
Apparently, the child woke fresh as a daisy.
The Sisters Of Mercy quickly led me to other bands such as The Mission, (Wayne and Craig left The Sisters to form The Mission) The Cure and Jesus And Mary Chain. Much to my surprise of course, I found out The Cure had been going for ages so I got into them late but in a big way. Sadly, they were at their darkest and most gothic in the early 80′s when I was a Duranie!
The back also shows that A. E. "Red" Patterson was the Angels Team President at that time, a title he held for 3 years, then becomming a long-time Angel executive.
In five minutes you are happily chowing down on an inexpensive, filling meal. But don’t be fooled – the true cost of fast food does not come out of your wallet, but out of your body, your health, and your years on this earth.
The love of God does not consist in mere words, but in sorrow and bitter sufferings, in being despised by the world, abandoned by all creatures, and, it may seem, at times, in the withdrawal of even our Creator’s favour. In spite of all these trials, the Christian’s courage must be firm; he must not complain, nor lose heart; he should imitate the martyr who, while they were disembowelling him and tearing the flesh from his bones with iron hooks, had no word on his lips but the Name of Jesus, nor any thought in his heart but “Blessed be God”…
The initial conversation I talked about was the permitted earnings post interview last week and not getting the job. I also admitted that I truly was not disappointed and admitted it was not the right time for me to consider paid work. Mr Therapist enquired more, I explained:
I don’t think I would have done anything else differently making this remix ifi could go back, I had fun making the project and think it’s a cool way to show the class another side of my community that really doesn’t get seen all that much.
“I long for the day I can return to my beloved parents when my service is over.
There has not been much time for jewelry making, that's for sure. In the last 3 days, I have made double - and sometimes triple - batches of 11 different kinds of Christmas Cookies and Candy...and I am not done yet! But, the house smells good! For the first time in MANY years, the entire family will be together to celebrate Christmas Eve...all 17 of us at my house! So, yes, more cookies to be made....
They absorb oil and shine well and they also give my face a somewhat matte feel, but I'm not sure if they really minimize pores. Maybe it does a little bit over time, but it hasn't happened for me, haha! ;)
Time was enough
Bardwell, who said the state attorney general had warned him years ago that he would eventually get into trouble for refusing to perform interracial marriages, was undeterred.
The Bungalow by Sarah Jio
1c butter, softened
I want the stock to have better options for mounting something underneath. A foregrip and light combo, or a grip-pod. This comes with a rail underneath, and I have a rail already on top. And I know I can ring a 9 inch gong from 250 yards out if I have a rest or 'bipod.' So also good.
Onion, 1 pc, cut into slices
I got up from my desk, I could feel evey ones eyes staring at my back as I walked out the door and down to the Boys room. I tried my best to wash myself off and I must have been there for a while, because when I walked out I could see my Mom talking with the Nun outside the classroom. My little sister Isabel was there too, just sitting in her stroller staring at the Nun. We left early that day and as we walked along Fort Hamilton Parkway towards East 4th the Church bells started ringing.
The graphics in Trine 2 are detailed and the use of vivid colors and lighting makes are impressive. The backgrounds are lush and beautiful as they make the world feel large even though you move left and right. The attention of detail is outstanding when the developers could have cheated and repeated scenery and objects all throughout the game.
3. Know How to Give Great Answers to Common Job Interview Questions
Not every fairy tale begins with a prince or a princess.
Salary: Rs 1.80 lac-2 lac p.a + incentives.
Today I made a little set of cards using Onesie Twosie, a super sweet set illustrated by Nancy McKinney for the Whimsical Wishes line of stamps. This mini set of 19 images and sentiments is completely interchangeable for girls, boys, and twins!
So I sat reminising about this and getting blue, bluer still when I thought I saw the ghost of Boke the Cat.
Checking for previous VRTSvmpro installations… done
This week the family planted a 10km stretch of roadway leading out of Alexandria with roadsigns. It's all part of the educational campaign which they believe is needed to teach people the Ten Commandments all over again. The Ten Commandments are common to the three main faiths - Christian, Jewish and Islam - so there is a lot of scope for this campaign to make a difference worldwide, not only in South Africa.
And I have already bought my present for myself, if I see anything else I like I will have to buy it for the Head Chef. Only last night I was discussing with friends the concept of the 'house present' for husbands . . . and with that 'handy hint' I will leave you.
Suitably impressed, the trainer said he believed this dog could be trained to find drugs, bombs, bodies, anything.
Eye shadows - MAC 'Orange' Shiseido 'Violet Splendor' INGLOT Pigment '180' Peggy Sage
Court evidence also showed that the City still does not have other key approvals for the expressway project, including the authority to re-locate 7.6 kilometres of Red Hill Creek, and a permit to excavate 70,000 tonnes of the toxic Rennie Street dump which lies in the path of the proposed road.
With a technology like that, which can’t offer any new functions and just replicates old ones in a different form, ease of use is key to adoption. Unfortunately, contact lenses aren’t easy to use. They’re difficult to put in and fiddly to take out. They have to be kept in saline solution overnight. You can’t pop them in and quickly take them out – it’s a time consuming process. If I decide to use my laptop, I grab it and flip it open and my screen is ready to go. If I decide to use my contact lens HUD with wireless keyboard, I have to spend five minutes in a bathroom poking around at my eyeballs. Why bother?
Wendy: Did you want to stay in your chrysalis?
ascending the gangplank two by two,
Something I never knew was that Bell’s is the only major blended whisky to be aged for 8 years, so you’ll be drinking something a little bit special! Its steeped in history that includes Arthur J Bell and his two sons Arthur Kimmond Bell and Robert Duff Bell. His sons are responsible for expanding the product overseas and to trademark the now familiar ‘Arthur Bell & Sons’ and their motto ‘Afore ye go’.
iii. On account of the conduct of the supplier; or
It’s true; they simply adored blacks too.
It's that family togetherness, the minhagim and the brachot my parents bestowed upon one another and us children that I remember, that warm my heart, as I stand in shul, listen to the sounds of the shofar and pray for my voice/our voices to be heard.
Last week, I was on set to watch in action and interview long-time Sesame puppeteer Marty Robinson (stay tuned for the post about him!). A ways into the shoot, I was invited to come sit at the counter in Mr. Hooper's store to get a better view of the puppeteers. Sitting on the stools beside me were a man and a woman. The man was doing sketches of scenes with Sesame characters. Intrigued, I struck up a conversation.
19 April 2012
Fiddler on the Roof?
We pray for their birth family. It was the only way the hubby and I could forgive them for all they have done to harm our children. We don’t want our kids to be bitter. We don’t tell them a lot. But they remember a lot. We are honest with them, and sometimes we just have to tell them when they are older we can explain things better, that they are just too young to understand some things.
Administrator and technical lead for all development on the Microsoft SQL Server/BI environment including service products (SSIS, SSAS and SSRS), Performance Point, Sharepoint and Excel Services.
went anywhere without a thermometer,
Believe it or not, it's also time for a new Flourishes Timeless Tuesday ~ FTTC132. Cindy is hosting and she has challenged us to create a card with a *SENTIMENT OR VERSE* as a focal point.
07 A Liberal Education
Nothing you can do or say will break me down
The Top 5 Winners are:
I feel better now. Half of my fear was met yesterday when she told me that she was translating the post no matter what. The interesting part will be where we end up from here. Sigh, the issue of time. He has never been my friend.
1) Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
The Executive Chamber, State Capitol
Monday night we had our Photoshop Elements class and our instructor Michael shared some of the details of his week in Las Vegas at Movie.Con.
“Well you can hear them in that clearing at night. I didn’t believe it until I set up a tent in that small clearing and the skies are always so cloudy there, so you’re hard pressed to catch a glimpse.” She looked upwards as if in contrast. The sky here was clear and crisp; Derrek noticed for the first time that it was so different from the city, and even different from rural areas he had been in.
I'm pretty sure I still have the demo, but haven't unearthed it yet(or seen it in over a decade). This CD compiles the bands early stuff, including the demo. I love this stuff..raw silly sounding thrashed out punk hardcore.
Beneath these existential waves I drown in
The majority of my peers at IBOLC are younger than me, hovering around the age of 23. Many of them were just finishing elementary school on 9/11. They grew up with The War as a constant, something that began when they were barely cognizant of what was happening outside of their neighborhood. We fought in Iraq and Afghanistan and there was little reason to think that it would ever stop. At some point, they decided that the military was right for them. They waited patiently until they were old enough to enlist, and then chose to delay a few more years in order to go to school and join as an officer.
All colors shine brighter
19. more fish
in it there is no haste.
..... starting tomorrow maybe. I have hours of RHONJ, RHODC, Flipping out, Rachel Zoe, Sarah's house, Real Genevieve, Project Runway and Top Chef to catch up on. Shut up. I used to feel guilty about the amount of reality tv i watched considering my husband is an actor (whose job is perpetually endangered due to reality tv), but now that i'm in the unscripted Hollywood world (thanks to a reality show), i feel its my duty to give hours of my week to the best of the unscripted. For it is thee whom i love the most.
Seditions Act is a very useful tool. What is sedition, if you are charged, would be decided by a judge, and if you appeal further, a few judges. They decide it is not, and the very next day might find themselves transferred to career Siberia.
This past week we had dirt and six pallets of sod delivered to try to get areas that have never seen grass covered. It looks like it will take about two more pallets but it will look really nice once it is all done. Unfortunately, as we were trying to spread dirt and lay sod Friday and Saturday we had thunder storms and torrential down pours. It did make having mud fights with the boys a lot easier.
The main thing is
We talked about Leprechaun traps and Kenzie said he wanted to make one but it would have to be safe and not hurt him!
xoxo-a
Approximently 1 cup of noodles (I used gluten-free)
Of course, I could have read the label. 20 grams of sugar in a spoonful – that’s a couple of bowls of Lucky Charms cereal with extra marshmallows and sugar added. No wonder I felt so strange after my Nutella and Red Bull breakfast. At least I didn’t feed my four year old the stuff like the mother who filed the lawsuit against Nutella maker Ferrero, the fine Italian chocolatier. I actually don’t have a four year old and it was my 19 year who turned me onto the stuff.
A range of Dermalogica products (which also includes hand cream)
by Michelle Paver
You will probably have to do a bit of clean up and adjustment at this point, readjusting the zipper, erasing bits of the orange half from the apple, etc.
There are many entertainment magazines in the UK, but I decided to select heatworld (the online partner with heat magazine) as an option on my poll, due to it’s large online presence on social networking sites such as Twitter. Its website is also very well established and is updated regularly. However, only 9% of the participants on my blog use it as their main source of entertainment news. This could be because of the range of other websites online, or because of the competitive market within entertainment magazines, and other options may be available.
I also knit up a few face/spa cloths using some nice soft cotton yarns I found on sale at Tuesday Morning (a very dangerous place for me to shop, if you know what I mean). One of these made for some relaxing vacation knitting while I was at Clear Lake in early May.
—-What do birthdays mean to you?
A little late to this, but I have been busy with exploits that shall yield many intersting blog posts whenever I find time to write them - stay tuned. I have been lax with the news of fresh hop beers, one of my favorite craft beer products, but I have now had enough that I am ready to give a short synopsis. It is not a completely useless endeavor, I think there are still a number of them on tap and in the bottle so there is still time to get your fix in quickly before the winter ale season begins in earnest.
He imagines a Britain where our agricultural system is run like a Soviet collective. Everything is controlled by the state, everyone involved is employed by the state, all supplies are directed centrally. He then develops this crazy fantasy. The government decides on reform to allow farmers to choose between suppliers. He describes the response to this suggestion as follows...
*Which is, of course, precisely why I started The Potty Diaries nearly 5 years ago - to find the funny side in stuff that would otherwise drive me crazy...
The following information concerning the new Portuguese law on the settlement of disputes involving reference medicines and generic medicines comes from a fellow blogger, the excellent Pedro Malaquias (PLMJ, Portugal), who prefaces it with two disclaimers. First, he is a trainee lawyer whose firm represents several generic companies in litigation procedures against originators. Secondly, the views he expresses are his own and do not necessarily represent the views of any other people or organizations.
5 1/2″ Ice Cream
"Kids are gonna eat treats, right? So we have to find a way to make treats okay," Kass adds.
stayed at. It would be interesting to see the staff side of the
You’re the Coliseum.
The only legal party in the U.S.S.R. is the Communist Party; the only legal opinion is that expressed by the Secretariat. No Communist political program ever prescribed the suppress of rival workers’ and peasants’ parties, nor did it forbid divergencies of opinion in the Party. On the contrary, seven weeks before the October Revolution, Lenin made the following statement, which here is quoted word for word: “Alone the power of the Soviets could ensure a widespread, constant development of revolutionary influence, a peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets” (September 14, 1917: One of the fundamental questions of the Revolution). A little later, he repeated this: “The parties’ struggle for power may be peacefully carried on in the heart of the Soviets, provided that the latter desist from distorting democratic principles: (September 16 1927: The bugbear of civil war). The ideas of Lenin, the theorist of Bolshevism and the founder of the Soviet Republic, are limpid clear. Moreover, when the country was in the grip of war and the Soviet regime was passing through a most critical period, political parties like the Mensheviks, Socialist Revolutionaries of the Left, Ukranian Borotbists, the Bund, and various anarchist groups, which did not oppose the system with force of arms, all enjoyed a legal existence. Their disappearance was the logical result of the war and of civil strife, which culminated in a paroxysm of fury and a reign of terror; but their suppression should have been but of a temporary nature, like terror and warfare themselves. The danger of war once over, the Revolution moved forward along the paths of peace and Lenin’s program once more became an actuality and should have recovered strength and meaning: peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets. But Tomsky, a member of the Political Bureau and President of the Party Secretariat and of the Central Council of Trades Unions, made the following pronouncement on the matter: “The main difference between the Party systems in Western Europe and in Russia, is that, with us, only one thing is possible: one party is in power and all the rest are in prison” (“Trud“, November 13 1927). Such was the progress made between 1917 and 1927. Lenin had spoken of a peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets, but Tomsky declared that one party was in power and the rest were in prison. The inevitable perpetuation of this method of government had led to the imprisonment and deportation of all those who actively opposed the Secretariat of the Party; amongst them were Lenin’s most faithful comrades in arms, headed by Trotsky.
Make visible the beauty, the strength or whatever you wish to share about bubbles.
As we walked towards the Church of San Sebastian, we felt so downhearted that this church had to be painted this flimsy green hue. It is made of a steel frame and panels and is known for being the only neo-gothic steel church in the Philippines and in Asia. The minty green shade certainly does not give it justice.
Large parts of El Salvador are without power or clean water and remain cut off from government aid because of collapsed bridges and washed-up roads
Merci
I know I ranted and maybe I do mean to point the finger a little bit. I feel it is our responsibility at moms and dads to help our kids this way. I’m sure I’m not the only one. What do you do in your house to encourage healthy eating? Do you have a favorite trick? (this rant could be followed up with the terrible snacks they serve at preschool or the awful and disgusting treats people send in for birthdays in school! Munchkins first ingredient isn’t sugar, so they are ok?? UGH!).
The thrift store - now that's a good one to put on.
Thea is officially a spinster. After a few seasons attempting to garner attention with youth and ribbons and no dowery to speak of Thea left the ballrooms of the country and settled into life as a Vicar’s sister. She spends her days writing her brother’s sermons and keeping her nose in a book. Many a fine hour is spent in quiet study of the latest tomes.
You know how it is with an April day.
it would be our debt He paid.
Location Address:
Peter Som, how to begin. Over the last decade Peter Som was a part of the young crop of designers that took the industry by storm. Yet, it must be admitted that perhaps in the last few years Som's name has been overshadowed if only ever so slightly by other phenoms like Wang, Lim, and Wu--not anymore. Som's A/W 2010 collection was the toast of New York. The collection was a psychedelic trip through a winter that is nothing if not incredibly fun. Som came out of the gate very cautiously with a fur coat showing signs of what the collection was to contain--the coat was lined with a wild green print while the blouse, skirt prints were incredibly complimentary.
"Hey, BB, I can speak Italian," Pie told me as she walked into the kitchen on arriving home from school.
Accessories: stitched poly ribbon, pink bling
Now, please, without further adieu…ENJOY the best anti-gay video I have ever seen.
T-shirt - also Target.....I rarely wear it because it has weird length sleeves....but its perfect under a cardi.
Oh, and of course, this is going to be my musical link up with Goodnight Moon for he music hop tomorrow :D Head over later tonight or in the morning to hear all kinds of fabulous music!
Sakura Glaze: White
Have you ever had a project that was so daunting that you put it off...and put it off again? That is how I have felt about my wedding scrapbook. I am obviously an avid scrapbooker so people assume I would have finished months ago but I am just so intimated by it that for the last ten months all I had done was buy the paper! I mean how do you go about picking pictures when you have over 800 images and you love 110% of them! So a few weeks ago, with the help of my friend Michelle, I FINALLY got started on a layout. I started with a sketch by Becky Fleck and some beautiful paper I bought by the ton by Pebbles.
If you cant deal with then then get out of the EDL.
excessively complaining about our extracurricular activities while secretly enjoying them
Here's the answer:
Location awareness is a key component to the success of mobile marketing. What better way to take advantage of consumers engaging with brands on the go than catering advertising to their precise position? Brands are able to interact with their consumers immediately and effectively by relaying information that is timely. Relevancy goes hand in hand with social CRM research – making audiences, messages, timing and place all relevant for the consumers’ sake and your brand’s effectiveness. Knowing where your consumers are is becoming as increasingly important as what your consumers want.
Izzat Skip? Izzat Skip decorating the Fox's tree?
“Our motto will be, ‘What would Jesus do?’ Our aim will be to act as He would if He was in our places, regardless of immediate results. In other words, we propose to follow Jesus’ steps as closely and as literally as we believe He taught His disciples to do” (Charles M. Sheldon. In His Steps—first published in 1897 (Old Tappan, NJ: Spire Books, published by Pyramid Publications, Inc. for the Fleming H. Revell Company, 1963, p. 16).
After arranging for the guide, they made me wear a sarong like most of the visitors. Only the schoolchildren were not wearing sarongs. I’m not sure what the rule is, but it’s all cool.
Of course I think you should watch this film if you haven’t already. It is clever and witty and includes all the little details that make a movie worth watching and re-watching.
"American officials," Risen writes, "say the Karzais and a handful of other well-connected familieshave benefited from the billions of dollars that the United States has poured into the country since 2001. That money has helped pay the salaries of some Karzais who are government employees, kick-started real estate development and construction projects involving family members and created demand for businesses tied to the Karzais.
to Colossa, to retrieve a magic lamp that the
Accessories: epoxy strip, rhinestones
First up: Ants, I took this on the way home from picking Coleen up from school one afternoon last week. There was a huge pile of Ants on the sidewalk so I thought it would be fun to take a Macro shot of them. After I viewed the picture on the screen I was surprised to see that the ants had captured a grasshopper and we're all in a frenzy over their kill.
18. Boys don’t use as much deodarent.
when I go down to the Zoo!
- love love love puppies !
· People from Siebel CRM / Payroll / HR domain experience would be preferred.
* Bands
First up is the Love Multiplied iPad3 Giveaway for the Spitz family to bring home their princess Lilianna. I shared this giveaway once already, but this family could really use our help. This is their third trip across the ocean to bring home a little one in two years. They need us. They're obedience and faith is humbling and I long to see this mountain moved. They're busy taking care of their family and the paperwork to get to Lilianna, let's help take care of the finances for them. Lilianna is just precious. Don't believe me, see for yourself...
Our daughter is very near to earning her high school diploma and also wants to persue a career in the EMT or medical field....
Serve with fresh egg noodles (blanched) and watercress, bok choy, yu choy or iceberg lettuce (I prefer watercress, it's peppery taste goes well with the duck).
You’re Not Alone, Saosin – Things change for Joy when she meets Creed, May, and Santos. But there are challenges even in finding a new family, especially when they have secrets of their own.
Blue Scholar Blog: Do you have anything else to add?
And in a restaurant kitchen there are certain guidelines and rules that you cannot break. Maybe bend a little, but not break. You need to have order and organisation. You tend to need to have some consistency in your food, cos old matey aint gonna keep comin’ back if you can’t make his food quality each time, is he?
Cost of the Artistic Journey 2012 is $295.00.
My almost 5 year old neighbor, Rebecca - the one I drive home from preschool four days a week and whom I have babysat, played with, and known since birth - leaned over toward my Audrey and said with complete seriousness: "Audrey.... is that your Mom?"
We'll never know if different care would have changed the outcome. Maybe it would have been the same and he would have died no matter what we did. But maybe he would have had a chance if I'd been more knowledgeable; if she'd have been more aggressive.
They're actually boxed brownies taken up a notch!
which phase?
When the music finally stopped and we are able to grab a few hours of sleep, we awoke on Saturday and tackled our first decision of the day…what to have for breakfast. Now, if this was some foodie-and-travel blog, I would tell you what we had, how to prepare it, and even post some FAB photos of it complete with creative lighting and maybe even a well-placed fork.
In very small print (at the bottom of the page) was this remark: Jesus’ faithful disciples were ordinary men who became extraordinary because of Jesus Christ. Despite their confusion and lack of understanding during Jesus life-time, they became powerful witnesses to His resurrection. Their lives were transformed by God’s Power. The story of Jesus, disciples does not end with the Gospels; it continues in the book of Acts and many of the letters.
Coordinating childcare for this event has really helped to revitalize my hope for our collective, for Baltimore 'radicals' and for the world (okay may that's over stating it).
Turns out there was a suspicious suitcase parked on the Jay Street sidewalk behind the Marriott. It also turns out, according to the Brooklyn Eagle, that the same building houses the Brooklyn District Attorney’s Office, the New York City Law Department and the Secret Service! So an unattended suitcase probably caught someone's eye pretty quick.
As always the best in-depth coverage will be on TomVille Tonight.
* Spirituality and Communication
Do you know that you can preserve enormous cash in the Internet plan if you think about making web visitors from google.
Staying within the budget
The Secret People by G. K. Chesterton
2010.08.11 Pakistan Karachi 2 0 Two Shias are shot to death by Sunnis in separate drive-by attacks.
BOSCHKOP, Pretoria, South Africa, April 11 2009 – A Dutch immigrant couple from the Utrecht region who had emigrated to South Africa in 1982 to run a dairy farm, was murdered on Easter Friday, April 10 2009. The farmer, 63-year-old Johannes van den Bosch, was bludgeoned to death while milking the cows early that morning.
“Freezing Nights” is an ecumenical shelter ministry for homeless people. Since 2004, it has provided a place for those without shelter to sleep and receive food during winter months. A different church takes on each night of the week.
"I don't know him, Uncle Slappy." I settled into my chair, put my feet up on the ottoman and got ready to hear one of Slappy's Byzantine legends.
Mr D nodded, taking his glasses off and tiredly wiped the tears from his eyes. Then with articulated care, he picked up his cup, took a sip and placed it back on the table, his every movement riddled with intense pain.
Artist : “That, sir, is a cow grazing”
For many immersed in a culture where vinyasa yoga is more readily associated with a New York Sports Club than a Hindu temple, the origin matters little. And for some of the devout living here, the American conception has overridden the beliefs with which they were raised.
The sun is low now, and the light is gold. We finish shooting.
Apparently it does stuff I haven't done with it, watch movies or something.
I wanted to buy the entire store but I settled for a few new things for our apartment. It definitely needed a little revamping. I promise I am going to post some photos soon. ;)
I’m scared; I’m sweating
Day after day Joe has been crawling around on the shed roof amongst the mulberry leaves, searching for any sign of new growth. It is one thing seeing your grown man climb a mulberry tree, it is altogether another thing to hear a grown man sobbing in a mulberry tree. Oh well, our mulberry tarts and smoothies for the challenge will simply have to be struck off the menu. On the upside, it means that we wont be able to make any mulberry wine this season. Shucks!
“And, I, ladies, am more happy to see you than I care to admit. I must say your timing is rather impeccable. I think you saved me from a rather painful end. But, how did you get here?”
The study is on distracting sins. The first chapter is on pride…so we will go through some verses on the rewards of relying on God and the hardships of pride.
“MIKE CHECK” “MIKE CHECK” “MIKE CHECK” This is how you take the floor during the general assembly. “DIRECT RESPONSE” “DIRECT RESPONSE” With a little chutzpah and these two phrases an individual can control the discussion. Is it expedient, yes at times it works and can be used to make group decisions which the majority can understand and decide upon quickly. Many decisions such as how to clean the plaza, to occupy city hall, or call for a general strike, move a crowed to form a strike line, or deciding to march left or right can be accomplished by this method.
1/2 onions, sliced
Through solitude, our spirit, soul, and body are refreshed and nourished, but then we must return to the world and the company of others. Like Jesus, we must come down from the mountain and feed the crowds. We must do the good work. We must demonstrate our love for God and for others in tangible ways. We must be the salt of the earth. We must let our light shine.
Behe’s book was a serious blow to Darwinism. In fact, Peter van Inwagen, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame, stresses the importance of the book in this manner:
No, no. Of course not. Rachel needed to purge the idea from her very soul. She knew that. Kidding herself otherwise would just get her hurt...very hurt.
I sense that the far right thinks it needs a win only once every few election cycles, combined with a relentless campaign of demonization, legislative obstruction, and litigation at all other times, to score a net advance for the cause of the right. If you live in Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Ohio, or Maine, tell me: does that sound about right? If righties think that, can we really say they're crazy, given how quickly they can pass extreme legislation when they do gain power, and how much obstruction they're capable of at other times?
My LQS always has some treasures that are out-of-print, and this one is no exception. For this prize, I'm offering one yard of fabric--four fat quarters of Luna II by Maywood Studios. These luscious chocolates will make a delicious little treat, or a lovely addition to your stash!
A compendium of all the best quilt photography on the web.
I had a wonderful Saturday with my girlfriend Kristin.
As-salamu alaikum brothers and sisters,
off to the south
Pakatan Rakyat pattern to condone heckling against BN leaders
Background -
The context for our first steps into the Vietnam morass was the Cold War and the doctrine of containment adopted by the Truman Administration in hopes of halting Soviet expansion in Central and Eastern Europe. Despite the terrifying fact that the Russians somehow had developed their own atomic bomb by 1949, the Cold War in Europe soon reached a stalemate. By that time, however, we perceived a similar Communist threat orchestrated, we were sure, from the Kremlin, in Asia. China “fell” to Mao Zedong’s Red Army in 1949; tensions between Communist North Korea and anti-Communist South Korea were about to explode. Meanwhile, the U.S. itself was in the throes of a second “Red Scare” that would produce a Commie-hunting, demagogic Republican Senator from Wisconsin, Joseph R. McCarthy.
Yesterday we woke to a beautiful morning, it was the sort of day that you just had to go out and be part of, the sights & sounds of nature springing back into life in the warmth after its winter sleep, I so love this time of year.
What's left to do? There's an important subplot that I've only hinted at in this rough draft, a couple of relationships not explored, and two characters who don't do much except service the main storyline at present. I'm hoping to strengthen these elements in the script today to truly 'complete' this rough for the end of April.
Three of my favorite movies to watch are:
well.... somehow we missed our train, so we had to wait for another bit.
Be alert about new trends, new possibilities and fortune tellers – not everything is a need and not everything is evil. Make your own mind and see what makes only you outstanding.
Kit includes the following:
Since 1941, Mexico was home to the nasty dirty “secret” of a nasty dirty man –better said, a priest– who founded a kiddie-diddling sect called the Legionnaires of Christ and proclaimed himself head kiddie diddler. And for the following decades right up to 2006, diligently diddle did he, with the seminarists lined up to witness the miracle of the divine rod. In a sane society, a man like this would be castrated and locked away to rot. In the roamin’ church, however, such behavior is so standard that no-one bats an eyelid… except maybe the seminarists, at least the first time.
Benjamin Franklin said, “God helps those who help themselves”, and over the years most think that is in the Bible. John Wesley, the founder of Methodism says, “Cleanliness is next to godliness”, and we think that’s somewhere in the Bible, too.
Several newspapers such as the Mint and the ET have recently reported on how the Supreme Court has rejected Hilton’s appeal against an adverse judgment passed by a District Court in Rajasthan last year. We have blogged previously about the judgment over here and here. It is likely though that both newspapers have been slightly inaccurate in their reporting. Both news reports seem to suggest that the order of the Supreme Court upholds the decision of the District Court.
A country that is all the ways you choose to live
Like eating a well done fillet steak it may take moment to digest that news.
the girl in the sandbox."
The Built-In Dual Cooling Fan put into these amps will keep them running all day and night, at a cool temperature to ensure the amp lasts a long time, and operates smoothly at all tim… Read More >>
Location: First Street Corner Third Street
Here are some questions for Elizabeth Warren. What are the chances that she would answer any of them?1. Do you favor racial preferences in university hiring and admissions? In the corporate world? In federal contracting? How about in government lending policies?
Morgana - Lady Godiva (applied to inner lid with MAC 239 by patting)
Someone will fail you.
Bird-watching is a very interesting hobby that I have. Bird-watchers are looked at weirdly at school gatherings, just like people who want to tell you about school-work the whole time. To put it plainly, bird-watching isn’t the “in thing” amongst young people. It’s a pity though, because bird-watching can really be fun.
Tickets are still available for The Salvation Army Women’s Auxiliary 24th Annual Celebration of Hope “Dignity Within Reach” luncheon on Sept. 20 at the Oak Tree Country Club,700 Country Club Drive in Edmond.
Okay. So that’ll probably never happen, but I just feel as though that attention gets a little old. People need their space. I’ve missed out on a number of opportunities just so I wouldn’t be a bother. Last semester, I stood face-to-face with Southern-rock god and influential storyteller, Mike Cooley from the Drive-by Truckers. He was wandering around downtown Tuscaloosa before DBT’s show back in September of last year. I was standing outside Rooster’s Blues House with my manager, Scott, handing out flyers to passer-bys when Cooley walked up. There I was, all googly-eyed and unable to utter a sound except for a barely audible “Hi.” I stared and smiled as he talked with Scott about the night’s show (see, Rooster’s hosted the DBT show at the Bama Theatre. I felt honored). Eventually, Cooley heads off and I wave goodbye, regretting my inability to ask for his autograph. Scott didn’t even realize who he had been talking to for the past three minutes. Of course I made sure to fill him in, including my confession of obsession. I’m still mad at myself to this day. I didn’t look cool. I just looked crazy.
Lucky 7 MEME was initially created for writers and so here are the rules:
Bob: How can people get contact you today if they have any questions or want to talk further about your comments today?
We relaxed at the hotel before meeting Paula at Star Noodle. She had been on Maui a few days and was heading home in the evening, so we met her for an early dinner. Reservations are not accepted, so it was good we arrived early (5:45pm). The place was full within the hour. Located in an industrial park, I guess only those “in the know” know about this place. I wouldn’t have found it unless told or read about it. The room is large with a communal table in the center and smaller tables for 2 to 6 people. From the windows you could look out towards the sunset.
This book is why I started blogging... to save the memories.
Since it was created, the phrase “Get off the phone!” has been yelled throughout households all around the world. Whether you had chores to do, homework, or you were just running up the bill, you had to get off the phone.
Since I have most of the ingredients ready, I might as well have pizza for lunch.
so very briskly
Married: September 1, 1982 2nd- Alan Keith Thingpen
Test tube studies conducted by the Agricultural Research Service of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) suggest that lutein may be just as effective at combating free radicals as vitamin E, which is a potent antioxidant.
on the magic button below and it will take you directly to a shopping cart that contains everything you would need to make it. Once there, you can simply and easily remove any of the items that you already have in your craft stash.
Time for a savoury dish again. It suddenly got very cold here over the weekend so out come the chilies to warm us up. First time I heard about Huevos Rancheros was on Jamie Oliver's TV show 'JAMIE'S AMERICA'. His version of this classic Mexican dish called for the eggs to be poached in the tomato chili sauce rather than top the sauce with a fried egg and this is what we incorporated in to our version as well. This recipe is great for breakfast or when you have brunch with friends as you can prepare the sauce in advance (or even make a lot and freeze some) and then just heat it up and poach your eggs. I am not a big fan of runny egg yolk so mine are usually well done but just cook them for a shorter time if you like them wobbly and runny.
If you have a chance to visit "Fashioning Fashion" at the Resnick Pavilion, be sure to purchase the beautiful book that accompanies the exhibition. It would make a great coffee table book or a very special holiday gift.
Beekman, E. M. “Raymond Chandler and an American Genre.” The Massachusetts Review 14, no. 1 (1973): 149-173.
I didn’t really forget. I just couldn’t figure out a way to paint the side of the vanity that faced the tub. Who was going to see it from that angle anyway? I’ll tell you who, Paul.
It's always interesting to see the top phrases people Google to find me. It's usually several of the 16 & Pregnant couples (Izabella and Jairo are the most popular one). But I've also been found by "men in kilts will kick your ass," "redneck ladies" (please GOD do not let that be someone looking for redneck p*rn because that's kind of what it sounds like to me), and "epic birthday cake."
-I watched Martha Marcy Mae Marlene and became obsessed with Elizabeth Olsen and her haircut, so I copied her and chopped off all my hair, having a lot of fun with my new 'do.
Sponges and guinea pigs these kids are, as this year they’re taking part in a big and exciting experiment to prove that this level of technology can work on a much larger scale. Mrs. Lemon and her classroom have taken a giant leap this year working with her iPads and have laid the groundwork for hopefully continued use of technology in the Natick schools for years to come.
I wouldn't always be friends with me... if it were me....
Paul Krugman, a better economist than political analyst, takes aim at the idea that Obama “overreached by focusing on health care rather than job creation during a severe recession,” but his own chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, and lesser voices were warning back then that the spectacle of a long, messy fight over a monstrous abortion of a bill, whose effects were in the future, would be a Pyrrhic victory and turn off voters not only on the issue at hand but the workings of government as well.
And it was fantastic!
I am going to start the year with a Thank You card. I created it using Magnolia's Tilda with Candy Cone" from the "Sweet Christmas Dreams Collection 2011". It was coloured with Copics Sketch Markers. I also used Kaiser Craft Paper Pad, Christmas Carnival Collection. The card was embellished with ribbon and Melissa Frances Trinkets & Baubles.
the best reporter I’ve ever known. You get to the heart of the story like
And with the glass empty, spring is unequivocably upon us, bringing the first of the season's Irish beer festivals. Chances are you'll find me down at George's Dock where the St. Patrick's Craft Beer Festival runs until Monday. If you fancy doing your bit to reclaim our national day from a certain foreign multinational corporation, join me there.
Looking back on all the stuff I’ve done so far, I must say I’m incredibly proud of myself. I had no idea I was capable of being so creative. Each and every one of these projects was the result of hard work and determination and I am just elated that I can say that I created them. I really think that it’s hard to be this creative all the time, but when you really force yourself to think out of the box and you make up your mind to do what is asked of you, it really is possible. I know I probably could have done them more on time and with better quality, but there’s always room for improvement. I just hope when you, my audience and peers, see these projects, Kleenex as a brand really does jump out at you, more that the quality of the product. That is the idea behind all of this; Kleenex.
5. Pale Blue Eyes
‘First of all, Kevin, well done! I read your typescript in one sitting – at a gulp – because I was genuinely absorbed by the story…’
There were a total of 15 Boer Republics.
I am totally involved with the characters,
As an Independent Affiliate, you can qualify to earn in the Global Rewards and you can earn on the commissionable volume in your affiliate organization through 9 levels. Dynamic compression is applied.
It's what I'm going to tell myself when I stand up in front of a group of strangers in April to give a presentation at a local museum.
I encourage you to take the harder path... we all know it's easiest to give your AS child what he wants, what he will actually eat, but I promise you- they are not going to fall over dead if they eat a bean.
dry bread everyday...even if it is a slice or two
Just some thoughts on a pretty hectic day...
Sunday morning was a soaker. There was hysteria on the airwaves, accidents and tragedy on the road.
I arrived to my village on a Friday afternoon. The Sunday before, Rashid (age 29) was visiting some of his extended family who lives in my town and saw my host sister on the roof. His mother grew up in this village but moved to Khemisset, the nearest city from here, when she got married many years ago. She and my host mother were childhood friends and when Rashid expressed interest in marrying Fatima-Zahra, his mother approved (his father is now deceased). Rashid’s mother came to the house to confer with my host parents about an engagement. My host parents then asked my host sister what she wanted to do. As Fatima-Zahra put it, “Why not? I don’t have another boyfriend and I want to get married. He has a steady job, house, and makes good money to support me and a family.” So she agreed to an engagement.
Funeral directors in Dover, England said they carried out the last wish of a British man who died from emphysema by placing signs on his hearse reading: "Smoking Killed Me."
The third dream was not positive, I was watching the news on TV, and there was a story about a family (The McDonalds or Mc(Somethings) or something like that) who were attacked in a cinema or theater by a man; and the man escaped, and the police were still looking for the man.
So, I've finished my latest knitting project, with which I'm pleased.
In middle school, I went through that awkward phase where I just tried really hard not to be ugly (it was a losing battle).
But what is this chemical fizz like? Bloody lovely. Fruity, fizzy with a nice thicker mouthfeel you don’t quiet get from real proper alcopops. If an alcopop is a sorbet, this is a scoop of ice cream. One of these days I might bother to try an actual sour lambic beer but as the popular style is to fruit them up to make them palatable I’m not looking forward to it. It’s the sugar and the chemicals that make it so nice.
Who is The Prisoner now? It's the copyright owner. But the "village" is bigger than that. Generated by the writers, actors, musicians, the "village" is in danger, too. Sure, George Clooney is rich. But the staff on a movie set are not. So what happens. Clooney's movie is given away on every torrent. He still gets a fortune and his CEO's do. But union members get laid off, and the grips, the make-up assistants, the guys who shlep scenery…don't get work because the jobs are farmed out to Canada or Romania somewhere, and staffed by minimum-wagers, just like the ones at the Nike and Apple factories in China. California movie union people are as screwed as guys picking lettuce in a field in Barstow. It goes overseas. Or not at all; notice how few movies are being made. How few TV shows. How few albums. It's reality shows, cheap cartoons and a bunch of rap assholes using auto-tune and ProTools. "Find a new paradigm."
“I await your reply. Did it happen just when
Since the introduction of the Australian government's maternity reform package, new career opportunities are being opened up for midwives who want to practise privately. Midwives have obtained their Medicare eligibility notation, and hung up their shingles (set up web pages and social media sites). Here's a quick overview of what is required to get to this point in a midwifery career:
A friend told me how much he loves them & I see so many other running friends who just cant speak enough about them. I figured I would try them.. especially because I hate running shoes on the treadmill - they just feel 'clunky' on them so that's going to be a starting point for me. I'm definitely sticking with my Saucony's for the race in 2 weeks.
I had to straighten and move things to make room for it. Which made alley's and tunnels for bunnies to run and hide. Dammit and Betty had a fine time making plans that first night.
Yeah Yeah, EVERYONE loves dogs, I’m nothing special. Oh wait, I am. I creep people out on a regular basis as I approach them with a huge smile and say, “hey cute stuff.”
Here are the Car Keys!
The law is ruling overtime in China, and doing so under several spotlights that cast it in an uneven light.
You don’t have to look down
latest urdu news,urdu newspaper,daily urdu news, Islamic news,urdu khabrain,Islamic urdu site,urdu sites,world news,india Pakistan news,Arabic country news, urdu news, urdu articles, urdu magazine, urdu in devnagri, urdu ghazal, urdu poetry,urdu website,
The rising ladder tore out the overhead wires and put out the electricity and disconnected the telephones in a ten-square city block area (but they did get the house fire out).
MacLennan also throughout the book contemplates what it means to be Canadian: Neither a (U.S.) American nor British. But must a Canadian define himself only by what he is not? And what is Canada's destiny in the world? A bridge between its southern neighbor and the Old World, perhaps. He ponders whether Canada would rise to be one of the great nations of the world after Europe exhausted itself in war.
Choline Bitartrate – See Lecithin.
I'm a fan of Graham Sanders' podcast "Craft Brewer Radio." A few weeks ago, he gave a recipe for a beer he liked. He wound up injuring himself during the course of the brew day, hence the name of the beer. His was a lager, but mine will be an ale, using some clean fermenting ale yeast.
A couple things in the works. I'm going to try to secure a teaching "gig" at the Colorado Free University about beer. It won't (really can't) be too in-depth, but hopefully it will create a buzz. My reviews have surpassed the 840 mark and the rate is picking up as I finally have a car (no, not to drink and drive, but now I can go to the big stores far away and purchase the goods). The release party of Avery's Maharaja IPA is this Friday, so I'll be hitting that.
Do you know what you would talk about at a dinner party where work talk was forbidden – with colleagues, no less? It was an eye-opening experience. I was reminded of my summer spent in France, when I had to learn how to introduce myself without referencing my profession. They just don’t like to talk about work over there – at least, not until a relationship has been established. To hijack a social encounter with professional talk is considered rude. I remember the feeling of profound cognitive dissonance when a certain man (with kind eyes and a nice smile) put a finger to my lips, silencing my chatter, and asked me to tell him who I was – not what I did. I found his question incredibly difficult to answer, and not just because of the language barrier.
And, here is the result :
returns to the common source.
(Legal in Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama)
The number of mothers who smoked fell from 25.4% to 18.8% after the new law was brought in, researchers discovered.
Location: House in Pao
Any other books in the works? Goals for future projects?
3. Post a link to our giveaway on Facebook and leave the link in the comments below.
The papers and edge punch are from stampin up,The heart die cut is made using a memory box die,The fantastic ribbon buckle,organza ribbon,charms,buttons and pearls are all from meiflower crafts.
I used: Echo Park 'Victoria Gardens' papers... and that's it!! I made the stars with auto-shapes in MS Word. With the busy papers, no other embellishment was needed, though I couldn't resist a touch of K-style doodling around the edges.
A Mexican woman claims to be pregnant with nine babies – just months after she gave birth to triplets.
We were at a kiddy birthday party some months ago and either the Brat or the Bean ( I forget which one) came running out screaming, ’We’re playing doctor and look what X is doing to Y’. All of us parents froze in that one second and you could feel the tension in the room. Playing doctor? Thankfully we were all sensible enough not to rush into the room together and make a big deal. Another parent and I casually strolled into the nursery and the rest waited nervously for news.
-ad networks - requirements, recommendations,etc
“In the aftermath of the Quiet Revolution, they didn’t know how to respond and quite how to read the Church’s role in society,” he said.
I learned way more about vampires in one night than I ever wanted to know in the space of ten lifetimes. o_O I hate to say this, but it was kinda intriguing. I mean, there were vampires before Twilight, people..... they were actually interesting once. :P They're actually pretty sad. I want to write some weird redemptive vampire story now.....
...Thus, Article I gives Congress only certain legislative powers “herein granted,” Articles II and III check those powers, and the Tenth Amendment emphasizes that all other powers remain with those who breathed life into the new government in the first place: the sovereign “people of the United States.” The Framers believed that limiting federal power, and reserving the “residual” power in the hands of the states and the people would help “ensure protection of our fundamental liberties” and “reduce the risk of tyranny and abuse.”
So, I’ve been reading a kindle. You know me—this is a shocking event. Family members come into the room where I’m reading and stop in stunned disbelief, saying I look weird reading that little piece of plastic.
Shoes - Clarks (Wear 1)
Her friend rushed into the reception area on foot for help as Miss Davis's asthma attack worsened, but was told to call an ambulance. By the time she returned to the car, the Liverpool University student had collapsed. She later died at the Royal.
But I got the bronchitis last week and went to the doctor. They did some tests and have determined I have COPD as well. They gave me anti-biotics and some kind of inhaler.
The taste is much better then in the oven! Should I make a blogpost
I am not a Christian but all of this is enough to make me wish Jesus would come back right this instant and yank so many of his followers' heads out of their asses. But I have a hunch we're just going to have to let this play out, and the ride is not going to be one of joy.
I love my Karate Ali,
2 medium/large tomatoes
When I found out how endangered they were and that someone was trying to help, I decided to give 10% of product sales to those helping with their recovery.
We have Martin and Sarah this afternoon with baby Liliya...perhaps they'll distract me sufficiently to be able to recall my first thoughts and feelings of today.
Which is why I forgot the very thing that made me write the SINCE I BECAME A MOM post, the one thing that triggered my mind into thinking about all the things that have changed...it just flew right out of my head. And believe it or not, wine did not have anything to do with me forgetting...this time. =)
Hungover
Top Copyright Photo: Mark Durbin.
But ... for now, I'm working on a holiday palette ruled mostly by greens and whites ... okay, a few pops of red may show up here or there. Coming soon!
You gotta fly, fly, fly, way off the ground.
I still find myself a little bit crazy for volunteering to take on such a feat as the youth group, but I realize that they’re worth it. Trust me, in the last week, I’ve had some freakouts about things like in particular the 30 Hour Famine. I’m finding that I’m really bad at event planning. Is there a class on this somewhere? I even wanted to give up, but there’s something that won’t let me give up and I think it has a lot to do with my passion for the teens at my church. I can’t give up on them. That and I got the 30 Hour Famine box the other day, which renewed my strength that yes, I can do this somehow, some way.
Ah, but you were right it was perfect as I got in behind the wheel.
The March Round Robin challenge is almost over as week 4 layouts will be posted on Monday. It's been such an adorable challenge using baby pictures as the twist. I was just squealing with cute overload when I saw Christy's sweet layout featuring her daughter:
its sap was known to have natural healing properties to calm an upset stomach –
I also discovered that there are actually Tamil digits that have been put into Unicode. You can see them here. (And here too) I don’t know about Tamil digits much, but aren’t most of these Tamil letters as well? Now, the Unicode character code points are different, but how can the reader know the difference? For instance, the Tamil digit 1 (௧) has Unicode code point U+0BE7 and the character “ka” (க) has the Unicode code point U+0B95 but can you spot it? They are essentially the same character! Maybe you need to specifically indicate you’re writing a number, just to avoid confusion! But then again, like Sinhala digits, I doubt anyone ever uses them! Well maybe a few eccentric people do…
On Monday evening I was invited to the launch of the Chic 2012 restaurant guide. Chic? I confess. I’d never heard of it so it was with great intrigue that I attended the event. There was one small hitch in the launch. The guide itself hadn’t been printed in time so as I write I am awaiting my copy in the post but in the meantime I decided to find out a little bit more about these charming chefs and not least their cooking capabilities at Monday’s aperitivo.
For about a month now there has been at least one call a day asking about how the thermostat works. No amount of explanation sticks. It is a butt simple digital version with 2 numbers, the Set number and the Room's temperature. There is Up and down Buttons for changing the target temperature in the Set, and a switch to go from Fan Auto to Fan On. And of course the Heat/Off/Cool switch.
When they do a good things:pat, kiss, day thankyou, duaa
Purple loosestrife
Slice pound cake into cubes; set aside.
But we cannot simply put the words “pursue your passions” in a cookie jar up on the shelf and expect our kids to take a bite - “Hey, pursue your passions, they’re right up there.” We need to put those words into action ourselves, so that our children can see that passions, and learning, and joyful living are not pursuits for only children. The passion that we all model for our children needs to be unconditional - a true reflection of ourselves and our values, our likes, and our beliefs. THAT's what we're modeling - not the values themselves, but the joy of having and expressing them.
III. IBM would be easier to work with, would recommit to quality and re-establish its leadership position.
This is only one of the ones out there right now; they are the Pacific Crisis Fundraiser. There are so many talented designers that have put out great products for people to come buy at this location and for most of the vendors 100% of the money from the item purchased will go to the charity Americares.
11:31 - your head explodes.
THIS MORNING
I finished it all off with some tape made by seven gypsies on the bottom.
enjoy the rest of your weekend everyone and good luck with the candy
Fishing is hard work for the bears. The water in Brooks River is ice cold and the current is strong. So every now and then, the bears take a break. And a favorite place to park a furry rump is on one of the many giant boulders in the middle of a stream bed.
New deployment maneuvers from both armies. The pikemen are slowly forming into a square, back to back. The vikingr are trying to push from all sides. (Please ignore the hecklers appearing in the far right... They are up to no good.)
But nooo! You had to start some random arc with a whole bunch of random characters with random backstories and random superpowers and royally screw up the flow of the story!
Free to move on and embrace the life that God has for me. Free to take on the past and prepare for the future. Free to enjoy what life has to offer. Free to be me.
Among Occupy’s main targets will be the five largest banks, which control a greater share of the economy today than they did on the eve of the financial crisis. With dozens of bank occupations likely to happen, May Day illustrates how the movement has become better organized. But so have the banks. In New York and Chicago, they’ve pooled resources to gather intelligence on protesters. One security consultant likened the cooperation to elks circling against a pack of wolves.
4 Ahau: Food scarcities. Half the katun good, half bad. The return of Kukulkan
Menma: You will? It’s such late?
possibilities
If you have any questions about wool please feel free to e-mail me, smmumma at gmail dot com and I will do my best to help you out!
No spectacular belly flops this time in the race for gold. Germany easily takes gold and Japan wins silver.
The only complaint I have is the switching of POVs can be confusing at times, but you get the rhythm down after a while. I almost wonder if the named chapter aspect from Game of Thrones would have been another element to pick-up on, especially as this story seems likely to widen its cast in the next volume of this proposed trilogy.
Now, don't get me wrong, I think pregnancy is a beautiful process created by God to bring forth children into the world, but any woman who tells you that pregnancy is all beautiful and wonderful needs to be taken outside and slapped around for a bit. I mean, seriously! You missed being pregnant so much that you're already thinking about another baby!??! Really, lady? Perhaps instead of another baby, a straight jacket would be a better alternative. Because clearly YOU ARE CRAZY!
I got this recipe from The Pioneer Woman, who has some incredibly tasty recipes. I simply adapted it to be vegan & crock pot friendly! (Her recipe calls for chicken, chicken broth, whole milk, cheese & it is cooked on a stove top.)
needs love
(though off sides, apparently)
Ultimately, I’m hoping that teens will relate to her because of her dark side.
The lady behind me smiled and looked at my son like he was a roll of Charmin and wanted to squeeze him for being so polite.
"Did your Joseph know it?"
Which brings us back to that issue of the state, an ideal and an institution that has been picked at for its myriad cumulative deficiencies in the later-part of the twentieth -century, without currently receiving much by way of positive endorsement and/or legitimation.
This includes books like Twilight, as far as I'm concerned. If you've read it, sure, talk about the weak prose, the recycled ideas and the creepy relationship. If you haven't read it, you are basically talking out of your ass. How do you know that you'll concur with the opinion of others? It might become your favourite book ever.
1/3 cup Biscoff spread
'The second surprise was the high temperature they discovered in the earth's center. 'The calculations indicate the given temperature was about 1,100 degrees Celsius, or over 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit,' Azzacov pointed out. 'This is far more then we expected. It seems almost like an inferno of fire is brutally going on in the center of the earth.
It’s just a filler episode but we do find out the gender of Marshall and Lily’s baby. You’d also notice how close Barney and Robin are in this episode, though Kevin (Kal Penn) plays Robin’s boyfriend. I really have this gut feeling that Barney marries Robin. Just saying.
Here they are settling in for another day chez All Things Bright & Beautiful :)
Well, starting in 2011, we're going to do just that (thought let's not call it a resolution). Others have suggested also trying to enter more club members' beers into sanctioned competition, which we hope to do, too.
“There are nine different woods sacred to the Druids which they use to build these fires,” my king answered, edging closer to me as the raven masked one gave me a long lingering look accompanied by a sexy smile. I smiled back, unable to resist.
bacon recipe courtesy of: Michael Symons, The Chew, ABC-TV
For starters, it will put me on the path of good hydration every day, plus it will start my body off cleansing and detoxifying. Here's a good article on water and hydration from the people at The Biggest Loser if you're looking for a little more information.
“Our parents responded to my sister’s anger in a way that frightened me further. I also felt tremendous guilt for not being able to prevent the horrors that my sister endured. Once she was ‘classified’ as a psychiatric patient, she was lost. Everything that was done to her in the name of ‘treatment’ seemed to me to be a form of ongoing abuse and torture.
So, for those who wonder how we can bear to live no less seventy days and nights (that's ten weeks, or two and a half months) without the sun's cheery glow, all I can say is Jesus is truly the Light of our home.
Oscar, a baby chimp, is nurtured by his fiercely protective mom Isha. As is true with most moms, she tries to teach her son everything she can so that he can take care of himself when the time comes for him to be on his own. Unfortunately, that comes much sooner than expected.
For the filling:
Normally I believe it is best to choose someone in the second half of life; roughly thirty-five or older.
3. How often do you communicate with home and how?
tussled what was left of my hair and whistled.
* My blissful visit to the canyon area of Dinosaur National Monument. I pretty much had the place to myself and got to enjoy my hike and the stunning views at the end of it in absolute silence. Well, except for when the swallows would occasionally whooooosh by on hunting runs. What a great day! (And Crocs are great-- and quiet--for easy hikes, by the way!)
One thing that I have noticed is that since I think I know when to anticipate ovulation, I have been less objective when recording signs with CM, etc. In fact, I was so convinced I knew the day ahead of time, that I recorded fertile CM about 3 days prior to O day, then realized later that I was wrong, maybe just wishful thinking. I suppose it's a learning experience.
12:40 p.m. Thursday, July 14; home in Albuquerque for the first time since mid-May. NICE!!
Abdullah said that civil servants should change their mindset to deliver services speedily, bearing in mind that they should play the role of facilitators and partners of the people and the private sector.
He said, "I'm Tom Smith." The entire congregation held its breath.
So what about the prize this week.
Significantly, even those with life insurance are eager to learn more. More than four out of five (83 percent) said they would be interested in adding additional features to their existing policies such as coverage for LTC needs, a feature that would allow them to receive a life insurance payout if they were diagnosed with a terminal disease or a waiver of premium payments if they became disabled. Only 10 percent said their advisors recommended LTCi.
Back in the mother land the fear is drummed up in color coded charts just to remind you of how terrified you’re supposed to be of maybe getting C.I.A developed anthrax in the mail post marked “From Muslim Extremist With Love” right there on the front. Quick! While the people are frozen in fear and unified in blind wrath we shall offer them the illusion of safety! We shall give them the Patriot Act! By God, it will be the perfect snake eating all of its tail before it eats all of him scenario! It will protect the constitution by completing nullifying the constitution. We shall preserve their rights by taking them away. The weepy part of all this is that this little bait and switch worked.
Responsible for reporting bail information to the police
As you view your own situation of depression. Consider whether it might actually be a loneliness for more of the Lord. Think about your own ‘low spot’, emptiness, and lack. Are they something God can’t fill? Contemplate these things, and in your desperate moments when things appear hopeless—say, ‘Give me more, Lord. More of You. I thirst.’
Twas the Night ... Disney XD ... 5 PM
...and why I can never come back again...
My own book links (on the right sidebar and elsewhere) point to Amazon. I'm not removing those links yet because it would be very tedious to take them all down and put them back up if Amazon does the right thing-- which I very much hope they will do, quickly. But I will ask that if you do buy my books, please buy them from BN.com or elsewhere in the meantime.
As the ecstasy washed over me, I opened my eyes. I see you smiling over me.
Fortunately the case will be decided in a court of law, not by public opinion.
I had a conversation with a lovely gentleman in the finance department of Kobo and we looked over the documentation together.
Quite similar but then again different, I chose to wear the black on black with golden details a few days before London Fashion Week started. This time, and just because I thought it's much more casual this way, I put on my beloved Vintage fur vest and combined two very decisive, long awaited for, classic orange details...! And just because I felt like it (and because I recognised that my hair decided to have a bad day), I started to curl it for the first time completely without any help from professionals at Selfridges or any other person desperately trying it on them.
The problems, and there are many. Begin with feel good politics. You can rely on technology only so far, but ask any security professional for a real answer in preventing terrorism in the skies and they will tell you profiling.
In declarations to bwin, Esteban Granero said:
The taste, the texture, and the fact that no butter or oil is needed to make a batch sold me.
He died last year. He had endured that life for six years. He was found one morning on the mountainside lying quite peacefully as though he had died in his sleep. From where he lay he had been able to see those two great rocks called the Faraglioni which stand out of the sea. It was full moon and he must have gone to see them by moonlight. Perhaps he died of the beauty of that sight…
Stir for 10-15 minutes. At the very last step, add tablespoon of condensed milk. This is purely optional (and not too orthodox-Purist) but I find that it thickens and sweetens the potion quite perfectly.
Mothers, take good care of your daughters. Be close to them. Listen to them. Talk with them. Lead them from doing foolish things. Guide them into doing the right thing. See that they dress in a comely and modest fashion. Safeguard them from the terrible evils that are all about them.
Also, this waffle works in any kind of waffle maker.
I rang up again.
Hang on the Box – Asshole, I’m Not Your Baby
We'll be running this in several chunks between now and the book release this winter. Because these things have a hard start/stop point, August is a ramp-up phase. There'll be a lot of content coming out, but the experience really gets underway at the end of the month… just in time to distract the kids from their schoolwork.
We start this recipe by gathering the red, ripe berry clusters from staghorn sumac (Rhus typhina) shrubs. The berries are actually very hard and inedible, and it is the acidic and tart malic, oxalic, and ascorbic acids that we will be harvesting from the outside of the berries to use. In about a half gallon of room temperature water, we add 12 clusters. I'll crush the clusters up under the water and swish them about, then allow the concoction to sit for a few hours. The now pink liquid is strained through a coffee filter to remove fine hairs and other debris, and tasted for tartness. To make a stronger concentrate, add some new sumac berry clusters to this same liquid and allow them to sit for another few hours, then strain again. This concentrate is ready to use, or can be frozen in ice cube trays to add to water or save for the winter. We also use this concentrate in the place of lemon juice in some jelly recipes.
The vast majority of theologians in Catholic institutions in Europe, North America, and Australasia would reject most or all of these teachings. These theologians are followed by the majority of religious orders and a substantial part of the bishops in these areas. It would be difficult, for example, to find a Jesuit teaching theology in any Jesuit institution who would accept a single one of them. The texts above are only a selection from the teachings of Vatican II that are rejected by these groups; they could be extended to many times the number.
23. Full Moon - Elvira
3/4 Tsp Baking Powder
How to Set the Alarm on the Casio G-Shock Watches
EVEN the bravest that are slain
We appear to be a nation engrosed with Belle de Jour and her saucy tales of S and M for we desire a mentally deficient crag of rock to beat us before taking us against our will and charging us for the pleasure.
I am hoping to have all my editing and logging done by end of play Tuesday so that I just need to put the whole thing together.
The “mysterious poetic fragment known as Kubla Khan” was, according to Coleridge’s own account, “composed under the influence of laudanum.” In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a state pleasure dome decree . . . . (Below is the complete text should you ever want to read it all the way through.)
and, of course, in reality, i’ve never fallen off any train platforms. nor have i ever been pushed down the stairs. and thus far, i haven’t sustained any serious injuries from a stubbed toe, and neither have i found myself any clumsier for being pregnant (at least as far as i know), but i think that i’ve gotten incredibly paranoid – as evidenced by my ridiculously realistic imaginings of the business man behind me rushing forward and pushing me down, trampling me in his mad dash (to get where, i’m not sure) and leaving me lying there, alone and in pain.
The people who gave those arahan have said and done nothing to show they are truly sorry for what happened, but instead have exerted continuous pressure on editors to play down all reporting of injuries and injustices suffered by journalists.
What happens when Mothers feel the guilt and pressure of being the best mother they can? We crack, we get depressed, feel angry, upset that we are not doing as good as we could. This is magnified too for many mothers who feel isolated.
Then, we had a day of really nice weather!
Sometimes the way seems cloudy and the assignments seem too large, but just know that if God called you for it then he has already placed within you everything you need to get the job done. You are already anointed for it.
As a confirmation of that, the word used by Paul in verses 51 and 52 in 1 Cor. 15 actually means EXCHANGE.
Psalm 49:15 also says: But God will redeem my life from the grave; he will surely take me to himself.
Meet Murphy:
GK: Steve, LB: Dan Allen, CB: Kev Willsher (Paul Dyke), CB: Sam Hewitt, RB: Mark Reeves, LM: Sam Schwodler, CM: Mark Sanderson, CM: Martyn Barnett, CM: Ali Ingram, (Lee Fielder) RM: Chris Pye, CF: Ben Rowe
to supersede
Lycos dropped the term “tattoos” from it’s Poll because the term was so popular. According to Lycos, tattoos rarely drops out of the top ten search terms requested on the Internet and Lycos dropped the term because they wanted to make room for other searches.
Legal experts are now looking at this matter and both Mr Aman, who has accused Sarawak Report of defamation and UBS should have plenty of concerns about how they are going to set about explaining the millions of dollars that wended around the world, including the United States, on their way to Zurich.
A6 Goody Goody Bye Bye
caramelised pumpkin, eggplant & feta tart – 17
Starting with a couple of his early water lilies (1904) and then moving across a twenty-year span to his later work (1924), the progression of his painting style – from water lilies to a Japanese bridge to a climbing rose archway – is breathtaking. At first he uses fine, detailed dots of paint typical of the Impressionist artists, but then his hand loosens up, the dots become brushstrokes, and colours merge into a whirl of rich blues, greens, oranges and rust-reds.
The twelveth picture is of my great uncle, Will, and second cousin, Eldon, on my dad’s side of the family. The car? Hmmmm.
Where did I acquire this spirit or hard work? Definitely my parents! Through years of watching my parents work, stay up till all hours at times to get things done, numerous potlucks and events at church that needed chairs & tables set up, tablecloths folded back up, kitchens cleaned up, committees, counting offering, charity drives, delivering boxes of food to the needy, service projects, etc. Teaching me how a family sticks together during hard times. I have worked with my family doing janitorial service at car dealerships, paper routes, cataloguing pictures for display albums, adding beads to gowns, babysitting kids for bridal parties, catching doves that didn’t end up flying away at wedding receptions, running errands, moving a camera store to a new location, etc. I know I resented having to do some of those things at the time. Today, I know I am a better person today for having done those things.
Last but not least is Lindsey over at The Teacher Wife. Lindsey has awesome units she has created for TpT. She is very inspiring and creative! She does not have a button that I could find. I guess she is in the same boat as I am. I am actually not quite sure how to create a button. If anyone has some tips, PLEASE share!
I would imagine that many, if not most Antifa groups have some sort of web presence or are at least active enough on Indymedia and other similar sites to be able to provide a point of contact for those who are interested in getting involved. Face-to-face contacts and recruitment will be viable in areas with visible Antifa groups. However, the most interesting questions with respect to Antifa recruitment are those that pertain to screening and depth of access.
I am an animal person. Not the sort who kisses their dog or shares a bed with them. (Cal and I have had too many babies/sick toddlers share our bed over the years, so there’s no way we’re sharing the bed with an animal.) And I’m allergic to most animals. But I am an animal person.
SHEAN: Oh, Mr. Gallagher. Oh Mr. Gallagher.
Have a blessed week!
everyone now a days want to get paid for ANYTHING that they do that does not concern them! wow…. where in the world have the morals and ethics gone! its 2010 and people are less giving than they were 20 years ago! its all about the “me -me” syndrome..
You can shop on Ideeli.com from outside the USA even, if you want your purchases to be shipped outside the USA. You need to get a virtual address in the USA using a service like Shipito.
Questions are now being asked about the minister’s motives for doing so. Sources told City Press they were convinced Mthethwa was desperately trying to “save his own skin”.
Now would be a good time to promote a new movie that seeks to correct decades of dishonest liberal spin on civil rights.
FOWCL = Fall out of Wheelchair Laughing!!
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
I wanted my personal scrap room in order and I did accomplish that, complete with paint and shelves and new light fixtures and all...... it's a challenge to keep it tidy but most days I can see at least a bit of the table top and the days I have spent in that room scrapping with friends have been amazing....
In addition to my YouTube channel I also have an account on another, lesser-known video website called Vimeo that isn't so uptight about things. They get less search traffic and I'm limited in how much I can upload weekly but I still get to post my stuff on Facebook and share it with my friends. It's been fun reading all the positive feedback and seeing how many channel subscribers I'm getting, much the same as I get a kick out of the positive comments and subscribers & readers I have here.
5) Add egg and knead in circular motion with low pressure until it come together and look like a ball. Dough should not be dry it should has some shine after kneading.
The sixth chakra, our “third eye”, situated between the eyebrows, helps us to see accurately in life. It helps us to hear and understand what is really being said, hearing the meaning behind the words. The center also helps us to analyze, perceive and visualize what is going on in the world. “In conjunction with the pituitary gland this center enhances our memory, our dream state, and our ability to learn intellectually.” Pg 175
That's what I love about blogging, one post leads to another slightly different and then another and before you know it you're in territory you would have never guessed you'd be going.
Situation C:
“You have family there?” I asked.
He knew that with time, he would be able to make a place for himself in her heart. With time, he would make her believe on his love for her. With time, she WOULD fall in love with him.
Drink coffee, lose weight, and feel great!
(Jamie is feeling my abs.)
And what about the millions of criminal and sub-criminal psychopaths who get away with “lesser crimes,” of duping, manipulating, stalking, raping and defrauding countless victims in ways that are less obvious or difficult to catch and prosecute? How will they pay for their crimes and other wrongdoings? What justice will their tens of millions of victims find? Are their victims, who may be out of their life savings, with broken hearts, in poor health as a result of the psychopaths’ actions to suffer from a sense of injustice and betrayal for the rest of their lives? I say: NO. Why? Because even if the psychopaths may get away with their crimes and wrongdoings from a legal standpoint, they live the kind of lives that no healthy person would ever desire. Their lives are a nightmare.
Where: Sweet E’s Bake Shop, 1417 S. Robertson Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035
Super-fast 51-point AF system has 4 Dynamic AF modes, including 3D Focus tracking for identifying, locking onto, and capturing razor sharp images of fast-moving sports and action subjects.
4. Head back to the captain (picture 2), who mentions the decoder is in the swamp behind his old house. Where's his house? In Katon!
A total Big Pharma cesspool of money, influence and quackery
By which we hear the songs of birds,
Hops: NA
Marquis de Sade: Mademoiselle Hotpants! Sex without pain is like food without taste!
Nutella
There is some bits of me that aren't the least bit middle aged.
“Well, as I remember it, Mr. Baines was the chair of the local draft board. He was a businessman of some means and well-positioned to sway the other members’ opinions, quite the literal first among equals. Then one day he tried to use that power, much to his sorrow.”
Here we have a new model for choosing Session members. And really there are days when drawing lots makes as much sense as any other nomination process I have seen. However I remember noting in a seminary assignment that in verses 22-23 Peter lays out some criteria for an apostle and that Paul (who takes up a remarkable amount of time in the book of Acts) does not meet those criteria. Not. At. All.
I placed an order for some MFT dies last night and now I'm anxiously waiting for them to arrive in the mail so I can create some more things with them!! Two of them are the Rolled Flower dies, and I am Excited to see what they're like! :) Too bad they didn't get here before the MFT Wednesday Stamp Club's challenge!! :)
09 - As it Began, I Looked to the Sky 4:31
What do you think makes for a successful picture book that young children will love and want to read again and again?
I will come from far away
*** Water: I’m sure you know the rule: 8 glasses a day. Water keeps your body working properly, gives you energy and makes you feel satiated. For a “treat” I’ll mix in a glass of bubbly water into the line-up.
Today, at Marie's, we sealed the corners and cracks in the pantry. Marie's been putting it off. That's the point of this extended visit. I'm helping her do some projects, and she'll spend a week with me later this summer helping me with some projects. It wasn't really bad with two people. She mixed the goop, which had to be done in small batches because it sets up in about five minutes, and I troweled it into the spaces.
So it's time to rummage around in an embellishment drawer. There we go: a few flowers from the stash. . .spritz them with a bit of gold glimmer mist so they match the ribbon, add a glimmer brad and a pearl for the centers and we're all set!
Some plastic or cardboard to cover the surface on which you’re painting
I wish someone would tell the British weather as much, because today, May Day, was more like an alarm call than a jump into summer time.
This will be a new adventure for me...for us. And I can't wait. So please come visit me friends...even if it's the "east side" :)
I must admit it comes as a surprise.
At the Heart of the Heart of Me
The enthusiastic celebrations of events like Holi, Dandia, Diwali, Krishnashtami and painting competitions brought the entire IWSB community together as a family.
“So what has been tried since then?”
Let’s talk a bit about the album you have out – Red in tooth and claw.
1. Brain storming for essay that will be written Thursday/Friday. Topic: Compare and Contract how did Christianity impede or promote societal change during the Middle Ages.
Yet there are moments when she reveals a delicate presence onscreen that could blossom under the right director — such that as an actor I’d like to see her truly develop into a 40-something actress who feels comfortable in her own skin.
and will then ‘pop-up’ as entirely self-contained, story-based, collaborative workshops
Chad Troutwine is a decorated entrepreneur, trained attorney, and education pioneer. He is the co- founder and CEO of Veritas Prep, the largest privately-owned GMAT preparation and graduate school admissions consulting company in the world. Chad is also the co- founder of Spectrum Station, one of the Midwest’s largest early childhood education centers. Since 2003, Chad has produced ten feature films starring more than a dozen Academy Award winning actors and directors. He is also the co-founder of Freakonomics Media, a digital partnership with author Stephen Dubner and economist Steven Levitt.
And yet, here I am, on WordPress. Just blogging. Speaking of which, I just read an article that gave me some helpful, albeit simple and obvious, blogging tips and it made me realize that I need to completely reconsider my whole approach to blogging. I need to spend more time writing, developing, and editing my posts. I’m finding, though, that the the country music is really helping me focus right now–even if I am focusing on the distraction (blogging) rather than what I should be doing (studying).
Okay this will make my point. The picture that is..Here are my 7 Fashion Tips. Did I ever mention that I was in the fashion industry for about 20 years, in design, merchandising and sales and marketing..so now you know..
He was five days older than me, and my best friend. Two doors separated our apartments and we came and went as we pleased without knocking. Our parents worked and we had keys on strings around our necks that let us in after school. Lemon Cooler cookies and milk didn’t taste the same unless Jeff was sharing them with me at the table.
Well, as the title suggests, sometimes you need to go with the flow. I was originally going to post this for Monday morning and then for this morning, yet the lovely thing called life got in the way.
If we’re sensitive to the truth of this world, it means we see a lot of pain. And that kind of exposure can take its toll. It leaves those artists worn out and tired and tender. But it hopefully leaves them astute enough to describe the lay of the land (the “sad terrain” as Bill says) to all of us brave enough to take heed and traverse this dangerous world.
Le Guin’s prose and research feel effortless; there are some hauntingly beautiful lines in here, such as “I felt that night that to have known such fulfillment was to be, in some part of my being, forever safe from absolute despair, from the ruin of the soul. Joy my shield” (214). She mentions in the afterword the reconstruction she had to do (and had to get help with) in order to get a handle on the geography of Lavinia’s world, and it’s quite extensive. She knows it well and she uses it without ever succumbing to Worldbuilder’s Disease, which I truly appreciate. But the structure of the piece strikes me as a little off-kilter. The majority of the novel deals with Lavinia changing, in whatever way she can, her own marital destiny for Aeneas, whom she’s chosen. (Well… more on that in a bit.) But once the two settle down, the novel briskly trots through the rest of her life, glossing over battles and wars when it can. While I appreciate the inversion of a text that I gather is quite focused on the battles and the wars, it just seems to trail off, especially given Lavinia’s awareness of her own fictionality.
Mystery Photographer is the sort of guy who has all he needs in the world. He has his bag, his clothes, his books, his laptop, his phone, his hair gel, and his gal. I realize that men are hard to shop for, but geez--when I've finally met the guy who turns me on while wearing short and sneakers and baseball caps and everything else I stupidly thought wasn't awesome, well. I'm fracked.
the wind
Chris Martin
Luz's soccer season has started and she has two games each weekend, so that is one more thing that I'm involved with. I'm SO blessed that my grandbabies live so close and I CAN be involved in all their doings! And SOON Luz will be starting the horseback riding lessons I got her for Christmas! Oh bOy! We can't WAIT for that!
it's all you'll see of them,
If it sounds like something you'd like to do, run on over to one of the hosting blogs and sign up in the linky! Hope you see you there!
For the past few months, I have been working behind the scenes here on something that I am finally able to announce: starting tonight, and lasting for the next seven days, I will be helping to lead a Los Angeles-based design "super-workshop" with a spectacular line-up of participants.
Earthling celebrates 25 years of Clive Barker’s Weaveworld with the definitive edition of this dark fantasy masterwork. Weaveworld: 25th Anniversary Edition will be released late 2012 in a modest print run consisting of gift, numbered, and lettered editions:
3) If you are a new follower, welcome!!! Let me know and you will get four extra entries!
Why is Jackson grounded? Did I miss something here?!
Please read this article if you’d like to get a clearer view of a photographer’s business. Although truly, this only just touches the surface of what is typically involved.)
As a broader reflection, the more I read about 1968, the more it seems like a fiction. It’s not hard to imagine being completely overwhelmed if you had to live through that. Your government was sending people to die in Vietnam, cities (long places of American glory) were burning, promising leaders of the future were being killed, and everything seemed to be in upheaval. Oh, and then you picked Nixon. Is that the year we spun off course as a country? Would our country have been noticeably different today if that year hadn’t been so awful? Probably. More likely, the wheels and gears were set in motion years before. Yet it sure seems like 1968 did something to our psyche that still leaves us still in need of a national therapy session.
We went to dozens of baseball, softball, and hockey games. We enjoyed many an evening, relaxing in our backyard while toasting marshmallows over a crackling fire pit. We even went camping in the tent I pitched in our family room. What? There were no mosquitoes or bears, and we had running water and air conditioning! I’m telling ya, that’s the way to camp!
Multi-mediated Brecht
Police helicopters buzzed overhead on Saturday morning as protesters gathered. Reuters correspondents saw about 200 riot police stationed in the square and five water cannons heading to the site where Malaysia declared independence from Britain.
Brouwerij St. Bernardus NV St. Bernardus Tripel
Jon interviewed a woman who lost her flat and – with the exception of one flute – all her possessions in the riots. “She felt she was being punished.” Jon said. ”She sensed trouble was brewing and she and her partner left their flat and drove away.” The one flute she managed to save was already in the car. There were eighteen other flutes in the flat, some of which had been customised and cost tens of thousands of pounds each. ”They were in a pub on the other side of town when they saw their own flat burning on television.”
The end result was a whole new stash of chipboard shapes. I found that I reached for them quite a bit because I just love the new color.
It was heartbreaking to get the call from the bride telling me the wedding was moving indoors. She sounded so sad. I could tell that the dream of her outdoor wedding was gone. But it was also a relief that I wouldn't have to wear mittens while playing or bundle up or worry about the harp getting rained on, going out of tune or breaking strings because of the weather.
Stasis Form
whenever you face trials of any kind,
Randomly inserted into packs at one in 18, this set features the first game-used pieces of bat cards for each player. Card backs carry the player's intials as numbering. Cards with a SP designation are short-print.
and makes eye contact
2.) Don't open up your food processor right away - wait about 10 minutes for everything to settle so you don't end up breathing in the detergent dust (just trust me on that one...).
What I say to end the conversation: It IS a scary thing to think you are going to get pregnant right away and then it doesn’t happen.
Did you know that when the Americans invaded Panama in 1989 and surrounded the Vatican Embassy where he was holed up in an operation called "Nifty Package" U.S. Navy Seals blasted rock music at deafening levels in an attempt to get him to surrender? Do you know what song they played over and over again? I Fought the Law and the Law Won by the Clash. It must have worked. He surrendered.
the new 40
Like seasons, they each bring new perspectives and new challenges.
Therefore, when Logan heard that an ambulance was coming, his screaming quadrupled!
Gack.
Level two continues the factory setting, but adds some twists to it. Now Mario must contend with multiple fireballs as well as some sort of unidentifiable spring things. The weapons that DK uses are still man-made, but they are more mysterious than the simple barrel, suggesting a transition to a more animalistic form of attack. Additionally, in this level Mario gains extra points by recovering Pauline’s purse and parasol. Obviously, DK does not care for Pauline’s monetary possessions, which reinforces the suggestion of his intended rape. During these first two stages, Mario simply has to get near Pauline for the level to end; DK presumably seizes her and runs away, suggesting that the black male is not only lustful but also cowardly.
In unrelated news, I’ve been working on a small SHMUP-like video game for the past few weeks and I decided to throw together a quick demo video for it. I couldn’t find my Adobe Premiere CD, so I had an interesting time just trying to sync things up in Windows Movie Maker. Still, I had more luck with WMM than with Camtasia Studio (which I find terrible), so I can’t hate on it too much.
Green pepper diced - 1 /4 cup
Filigree Border die
Here goes…
However, there are times I wish that he is here, close to us, and having the bonds with his grandchildren. Well, I cannot have everything in life that goes the way I like them to be. C’est la vie!
We were thankful for the heated water.
Zoo in the Bois de Vincennes
What a great example.
Well, I just wanted to put some of my thoughts on this out there in front of you. At times I have felt silly for thinking such things but when it comes down to it, we all start out thinking that the piece of fiction or fantasy going through your head is a little ridiculous. But then it becomes a full-blown story that you are trying to push on Amazon or Smashwords. So why not a movie? Why shouldn’t Your Story be on the Big Screen?
Imagine having an online catalog of all of your books, curriculum, dvds... anything you want to categorize with the capability of loaning (even selling) these items to your friends or neighbors. You could view your friends' items and borrow from them as well. Need an item back? Send your friend a nice email reminder to return the item. This is what Lobster Network is all about.
Here are some pictures(taken by Abbas):
I grabbed a big handful of our Hain expenses leaflets and started handing them out. Incredibly I count the people waiting for info from me 3-4-5-6-7 wow! 10 minutes gone and I need more stock! Back to the counter passing by the abusers and anti free speech crowd smiling away to myself I cant help but notice their frustration is rising at our immediate success.
The agitation had centered around farmers opposing the release of water from the Panchna Dam located upstream of the Gambhir river, the primary source of water to the bird sanctuary. Political expediency ensured the gates of the Panchna Dam remained shut, and the bird sanctuary collared by the neck until it went almost entirely dry just as the summer rounded the bend.
Smart (1995)
For all the talk of “incubator companies” and corporate heart transplants and the like, I have not yet seen a cogent explanation, short of someone wanting to put tens of millions of pounds into the pot for creditors, as to how Rangers avoid liquidation.
But couldn't you have done it without leaving so much pain in your wake?
This continued until I was around 13.
in the second installment of my Back to School Series we are looking at hair. unlike nails which are an accent (meaning you can get away with not having them done) Hair can make or break your whole appearance. Thats not to say wake up 2 hours early to do your hair.. No, just give yourself enough time to do what you need to your hair such as curling, straightening, up do, half up do, braided etc so you are not left in stress mode rushing around like you are all types of loca. There are different types of styles to suit different types of people, so cater to the inner you. dont wake up thinking you can tackle a half braided half curled hairstyle on the morning of school, when you havent practised beforehand.. just dont, it wont work out well.. lol
Tony Shalhoub/Stanley Tucci (Big Night)
I love: my camera / pc more than any other material possession I own
I was busy before Christmas making this doll for my mum:
“Fiction is as much an art of omission as it is one of commission, and in “The Tiger’s Wife,” Obreht commits too much. She places stories in the foreground — of the deathless man, and of the tiger’s wife — that might have been better left in the background . . .”
I just received an e-mail asking for help from The Wharf Rat-Camden Yards. I'll give you an edited version:
But if God’s original plan is for us to be in fellowship with Him, and if God is all-powerful enough to bring down judgment on people – which he does not “want” to do because He loves His people – then certainly God is powerful enough to restrain evil in the world. So why doesn’t He? Why doesn’t God prevent bad things such as evil and disease and death from happening in the first place?
In groups we dissected, sliced and diced what consultants are and do and explored interesting avenues of differing situations and different requirements. The two hours was over in a flash and we all still had so many ideas to explore, new people to meet.
This is your future self. I would like to talk to you about time management…
illuminates
Readers are in with a sporting chance of having a Raphael Maklouf lurking in a pocket / handbag. It is the portrait of Mrs Battenberg Saxe Coburg Gotha where she only looks 30 years younger than her then current age, rather than the prior 50 or the current 20.
July 31 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
Hugo Matthysen Blankenberge B
Now, I did deviate from the pattern a bit. She calls for bean bag beads for stuffing. I really wanted this to be a comfy snugly piece so I used poly-fil. (My childhood memories of bean bags had me shying away!) It took a massive amount to make it as firm as I was hoping for. I think we ended up using a full 5-lb box of poly-fil plus some. Two 5-lb boxes was enough to stuff the Large and Small sizes. Quilt batting is also required. You'll be interfacing each "petal" by basting in a piece of batting at 3/8" from the raw edge. No doubt, the batting will help with smoothing over your fabric if you use beads to stuff. You then trim the batting close to your basting stitch so it's not in your seam allowances avoiding a lot of bulk in your seams. I also made a little change here too. I made a pattern piece that was identical to the petal but 1/4" smaller all the way around for the batting. That way, I skipped the trimming out part! (Always looking for shortcuts!)
Sometimes in my line of work, I witness horrible things; fathers saying final goodbyes to their toddlers, alcoholics realizing that liver failure is very real and oh, wait, oops, they really didn’t want to die, or regrettable things done in a psychotic break. Closing the door to the nurses’ station and making a fart joke is an invaluable gift. Because if we laugh, we don’t cry. And when we let it go and don’t cry, we go home and live our own lives. We do not fall prey to alcoholism, depression and burnout that plagues the caregiving professions. I’m just home from one of those laugh or cry days, and I am laughing. And having a small glass of Cabernet.
I’ve thought about what I would say to him the day we moved out. I thought I’d have a million words and topics i’d need to cover to make myself feel like I was heard. When it came down to it that wasn;t the case. We helped eachother pack up his things and communicated like a team of movers. Conversations without drama. It’s funny how when it comes down to the moment of truth not much really needs to be said. We both know. As he was leaving he asks “What do you want a hug or something?” I asked “if you’re saying that in a mean way, then no”. He told me he didn’t want to have any communication with me. Which I am totally fine with. My life is much better now that I’m single. I told him “I’m sorry it didn’t work out between us, but it just couldn’t we both had alot of growing up to do and we couldn’t do that together” We gave eachother a long hug. I can’t remember the last time he even hugged me. It was one of those hugs that meant something. We got a bit misty eyed and he left. After all this time, this is the first day that I’ve felt like this place is actually mine. Everything in this place belongs to me. I have no one but myself here and it feels good. All the thoughts of Darren are gone. As terrible as that entire relationship was I do not regret it. Of course I’m left here with more issues than I started with but I know myself so much more now. I know what I want, what I deserve and most of all what I expect our of a relationship. Love is great, passion is great. But when you’re not working together as a team and not inspiring eachother to be better people then it’s just destructive. I’ve learned so much from being with Darren. I’ve seen very dark sides of the world and of human nature. i guess maybe that’s why I’m so jaded. His punk rock mentality did rub off on me and I started to see only the negative in everything. I’m just starting to get back to me again. Rediscovering my hobbies and living the life of a single young woman downtown. I’m still damaged goods when it comes to letting any man into my life. The big difference between he and I is that after I end a relationship I always take time to myself. At least a year. He likes to jump into a new one. Exactly what he did with me when things ended with Mila. I guess I should have been smarter when starting something with him but i was just a kid. I didn’t know any better. I think the biggest lesson I learned from being with him is how to stick up for myself (when I finally did) I have a bad habit of people pleasing way too much and it drains me. Now I’m finally standing up for myself and what I believe in. Something I’ve never been able to do my entire life. So I guess what I’m saying is: At the end of the day all those words I thought I needed to say were better left unsaid. He both already knew. Healing takes time, relationships take work, and one of the greatest rewards in life is to find yourself again.
Setting it up is very time consuming.
"Pippa Piper picked Peck over Pickle or Pepper?" exclaimed Mary incredulously. "Which of the Peck pair did Pippa Piper pick?"
Weihenstephaner is a brewer of German origin and is situated on a hill called Nährberg in the south of the country at Freising in the region of Bavaria. Just north of Munich. Map 175, G6. The former monastery lays claim to the title of ‘oldest working brewery in the whole wide world ever’ and can trace its brewing origins back to 1040.
Then the band goes and places two equally worthy B-sides to boot. "The Finest thing" is a simple & much faster paced song about failing at confronting feelings of longing, while the song itself sound like Dinosaur Jr covering a C-86 band. That comparison is meant in the best way possible. "Out of Work and on the Dole" is almost a combination of the previous two songs, an equal parts love and apathy fulled anthem as galloping drum work pushes the song along. Easily the noisiest song of the bunch, the feedback from the guitar and noise in general of the song help to perfectly cement the tone of the song: the sense of being engulfed by life.
To be a leader is not too difficult. We can develop such qualities within us and can be a leader. We need to impliment ideas. We should walk on that path. Here meaning of a leader is given below. But the thing is that we are always influenced by others. We never use our mind. We are always ruled by others.
If you have an aphid infestation on a plant that’s too large for this method you can spray the tree with any number of insecticides – aphids are relatively easy to kill, but I don’t like to use any pesticides if I can possibly avoid them, and I’ve discovered a method that works well for me.
I was sorry when it ended – I wanted more of everything. From what I know about the other bands that will be appearing on upcoming dates, this will continue to be a can’t-miss ticket. I hope that Big Top Rock becomes a regular event – it is a worthy idea that deserves to live on.
That's all for today, thanks for visiting!!! :)
2.Cumin/Jeera : 1tsp
The deadline to enter is Thursday, December 23, 2010 at midnight central time.
We feel attracted to creative people who are likewise full of ideas that are benefitting Thailand and the world at large. The excitement that emerges from an idea brainstorm with likeminded people fills us with a lot of energy but the frenzy puffs out quickly if you don’t follow through. It’s the doers with the drive, commitment and energy that bring these ideas to life and two extraordinary doers are Boom and Alice founders of the social enterprise mysocialmotion.
-tim
I really do need to get this presentation finished up. It's supposed to be in the 60's today and I have a run date with my aunt this afternoon. I would like to not have to do anything this evening that has to do with school so I must get to work. Tomorrow marks the final night for this current class...and I will officially be HALFWAY DONE with my program!!!
And perhaps that’s the lesson I’ve learned from exploring the truths I subconsciously (or otherwise) put into my own pieces. They’re in there because that’s what I know. They make up some of the more fascinating aspects of my character development. Mara Mcbain wrote something about her version of character development that will definitely entertain anyone who follows the link behind that bold name.
Step 3: Cut/emboss using die cut machine, blade side up.
I got to be strong
"It's not like being on the dole,
So anyhow, post-divorce, I’m a little more vigilant about how people react to me, and vulnerability makes me Super-Glue-stuck-to-fingers crazy. Yet one way I’ve totally exposed myself in my 2.0 version – like stark-nudey-naked-bare-assed exposed – is through this blog.
The following day my new friend Peter came in and I’ve noted we had a great conversation for about 3 hours. Peter was so interesting and being a psychologist could really get into some deep conversations which I just loved. He told me once again to get out of Firestone. I was seriously considering it. On June 9th I must have been having a bad day as I recorded “didn’t get dressed or answer phone”, so things were still very much an emotional rollercoaster for me. Most of the time I could keep it together, functioned very well, but occasionally I’d have a really down day and wouldn’t fight it.
So, now you know that Average Hike the company will be offering, the Variable pay that will be given to the employees.
Jackie and Minutes Matter Studio are offering a demonstration JVT Studio, a graphic design program that translates the fabulous draperies and valances from Jackies book, The Design Directory of Window Treatmentsinto elevation renderings filled with fabrics, colors, and textures.
And then there's the park. Emily loves being outside and going to the park. She's perfectly happy if I just let her wander around the big, open field and explore. But she loves going down the slide, too. The bigger the slide, the better.
When to use: Whenever a seldom seen person is mentioned during a telecast, particularly if his name is Trev Alberts. Which’ll never happen, since he’s dead to ESPN. Dead.
"That," said the doctor, smiling shyly at the two students, "that is my very latest attempt at a perfect precipitation of colloidal platinum in the sub-microscopic sized particles. You can't see very much because the light is reflected by the tiny particles in so many millions of ways that nothing but a vague impression of grey existence gets to your retina. As a matter of fact, most of these particles are of dimensions smaller than the wavelength of ordinary visible light, and so it takes a small group of them to reflect even one wave of light. Naturally, they diffuse it greatly since the colloidal nature of the material makes the deposit far from even or solid in surface nature. You will remember that molecules are invisible to the eye, even aided by the microscopes of highest power. Were we to start grinding a material from small chunks down to fine particles, even though we trace the pieces through a microscope, we will sometime have reached, were it possible to grind that fine, the molecular sized particles. Now, limiting ourselves to to a single molecule, we would have ground a material from quite visible lumps clear down through the colloidal sized aggregations, and finally we would have ground it into invisibility. Truly, that would be most odd, yet it is theoretically possible, as you can see."
VOTE TUSC AT THE ELECTION AND COME TO THE YOUTH FIGHT FOR JOBS DEMO ON WEDNESDAY
These are some of the fun tiles I made. I realized a little late that you could personalize them with messages, names, etc.
Sameer went white with fear and without a second glance, dashed out of the house, breathing only when he reached home. His head was spinning and sweat was running down his forehead. He was shaken completely by what he had seen.
I plan to take all the kids up to see her on Sunday and bring her some gifts. I hope that will raise her spirits some and I hope she's got to eat by then as well. Overall I would say she's doing well on adjusting, I just wish things could go back to what they used to be. I know it can't/won't happen but I can pray.
extra years,
After leaving the coffee shop, Brenda and Natalie decide to test out another urban legend, the one about Bloody Mary. Sure, why not...I mean, it's not like there haven't already been 14,000 Bloody Mary movies since this came out, right? (including the 3rd movie in this very franchise) They stand in front of the boarded-up door to Stanley Hall and say "Bloody Mary" 5 times. They hear a faint shout or scream. As they lean closer to listen for any ghosts, Damon(played by Joshua Jackson) pops up behind the girls to frighten them.
"I know! I wonder if my dad should call someone about that...."
Hubby is here for most of two weeks, to help little B and I settle into the new place and establish a routine. After he leaves, it’ll be just the two of us for the rest of the summer (with the exception of one or two more short visits). I’m really excited about this job (internship, really), and I’m looking forward to getting to know a new city, but I’m anxious for four months of taking on all the parenting responsibilities myself.
For my personal sustainability promise, I have decided to use only mugs and reusable water bottles rather than throwing away paper cup after paper cup. After calculating how many coffee drinks I have during the day, I decided it would be a great idea to invest my money is a thermos and plastic water cup. I am a huge coffee drinker and after realizing that on average, I buy about 3 cups during the weekdays and about 1 or 2 on weekends, which is about19 cups a week and roughly 76 drinks a month. So in one year I consume right around 912 drinks per year. That is 912 cups per year. Now multiply that times the coffee drinking population in America who consumes around the same amount as I do every year. Do you know what that number is? 105 million people fall into the number of people who like me, drink about three cups a day. A whopping 957,600,000 cups of coffee are drank a year. Granted, not all of these cups are the plastic to go ones but a good majority of the cups are. For a long time the only place those cups would go is in a garbage can which fill our landfills and decompose.
Mystery In Space (DC/Vertigo) This here is an $8, -page one-shot anthology borrowing the name of and old DC sci-fi comic to use as an organizing principal for the contributors' submissions. The quality varies from inspired to tedious, but each of the short stories is fairly well constructed around a stinger of an ending, and any comic boasting artwork from Michael Kaluta, Kyle Baker, Mike Allred and Ming Doyle is pretty much the definition of "worth a look."
New York-based Human Rights Watch said the court’s closed-door trial was ‘a farce’ that took Hun Sen’s campaign of ‘persecution of critics to a new extreme and highlights government control over the judiciary’.
barracks...grrrrr. On my way home from a funeral on Tuesday there was a sound in the pedal area that should not have been there. The Senior Cat and I oiled the strategic spot and I took it off for a careful pedal up our little street and back again. CRUNCH! Oh.
Drop by my website, http://www.kjtradingsystems.com, and you can see how I trade. While you are there, sign up for my free newsletter and view my complimentary trading videos.
But even if the Preds fall in game 3, I have newfound respect for the organization of the Nashville Predators. Most team would let their players off with a warning and let them play, but Nashville has decided to take the path less traveled and go against the grain.
As you can see, it's perfectly fine to be a different sort of collector with different collections - maybe in another year or two I can re-write this post with an overarching collector classification. Until then, why don't you chime in with what type of collector you are - perhaps I missed a type of collector?
Wipe out skillet with paper towels, and heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil until shimmering. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Whisk cooled garlic oil and parsley into reserved yogurt mixture until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve chicken with yogurt sauce.
I've been trying to make some small projects to help me understand some of the knitting terms and stitches again. The Crofter's Cowl in the picture above helped me figure out some lace knitting and reading a chart. I'm working my way up to knitting a sweater and I can't wait to jump into that project!
Mayall and Edmondson play Richie and Eddie, proprietors of possibly the worst hotel in the world, a scenario that lends itself well to the kind of chaos that has been their fertile ground for the best part of their careers.
The river sweats
Physician’s Formula Multi-Colored Blush in Blushing Berry
There's the front and back of the mini cushion! Apart from being made of the most gorgeous fabric it has tiny little beads sewn into each flower and a star and imagine charm.I love the ship on the front...it's now been named The Dawn Treader ^_^ Does it remind anyone else of The Dawn Treader? Anyhoo...and I love the fish (or dolphin) on the back.
"Huh? Wha?" I sputtered, quickly rising to my feet.
It is also known that certain genetic factors increase the harmful effects of lead poisoning in susceptible children; however, these factors are not completely understood as of 2003.
On Monday morning, Tommy, having been knocked out by Joe, must read Vanzetti's letter before the entire university. Will Michael be expelled from the university and will Tommy lose his job and his wife?
Another trend that has cropped up in more recent times is to take a deeper look into the character of Maid Marian, often with the author focusing on her more than Robin. The first book I ever read that did this was Maid Marian by Elsa Watson. This was one of those books I stumbled upon at the library and decided to take a chance on. While it was certainly nothing groundbreaking, it was enjoyable and stayed true to many of the classic elements of the Robin Hood legend. The story was told from the perspective of Marian, who was not simply a passive damsel in distress. Even though she went to Robin for help, she was still a woman of action.
Of course someone came in. A mystery woman came barreling into the bathroom and into a stall three doors down. Obviously I needed to wait her out, lest we make eye contact at the sinks and she get the impression that I was the cause of the smell (the horror!). So there we sat.
Shall be a loved, and happy wife."
He meets Assef, a terrible bully, and his two cronies down an alleyway. Assef beats Hassan and rapes him, all while Amir watches from a distance, too afraid to intervene. But more than that, Hassan is beaten because he won’t give up the last flag he caught, he knows how important it is to Amir (for Amir, that flag represents his father’s love, something he feels in constant competition with Hassan for). So, afraid to lose the kite, Amir lets Assef hurt Hassan and lives with that for the rest of his life.
For comment, contact Aunty Jane at 0784031302
4. Remove Batteries From Seldom-Used Devices
This Contract should be binding and presented to a Senior Judge who will also confirm this is Legal and Binding and up to both parties to ensure it works otherwise it is enforceable on each Parent.
How I heard you flap and rustle, cloth defiant!)
This will take you to a blog called The Great Leveller and talks about how to make a fix that allows people that currently can't, to comment on your blog. A lot of us find if the comment box is at the foot of your post, that 'embed' prevents commenting...but where the blog provides a new page with comments and comment box, all is possible! So if you wanna get a few more comments, this may well be worth the two minutes and two tabs it takes. It is a temporary fix....Blogger itself has to come up with a permanent
***If you are participating in the 52 Layouts Challenge, please use the link below to link your layout to this post. You have until Friday at 11:59PM PST to post your week 45 layout. The link will allow you to post a title and thumbnail that link to your site, where we can see the layout in all its glory!
Amidst all this, we who love freedom speak of a vulpine "political class," no member of which can be trusted. We orate that it must somehow be removed from the levers of power, so that persons who genuinely love freedom and appreciate the importance of objective law can get to work at restoring those blessings. More openly than ever, sincere Americans, men of good will, mutter about the probable necessity of a Second American Revolution, aimed at deposing the current ruling class and restoring the Constitution in full and literal effect.
Your words meaning little, the water level’s high
With his steady editing, Bresson establishes what is an odd series of events as logical, though the punctuative effect of the cutting gives each new twist an even more severe impact. In the absence of music, the editing takes on the effect of its own fright cues, its jumps occasionally startling for their jarring of still frames and still action. To maintain a lack of blunt action, Bresson elides over what would be the centerpieces of other films: locked in solitary confinement, Yvon receives Valium each day to calm him. But when the guards leave, the camera stays behind to show Yvon spitting out his dose and adding the pills to a collection he's hidden. The next shot is from his old cell where his bunkmates watch out bars to see an unconscious Yvon loaded into an ambulance.
When I went to see Dr. Kaldenbaugh about a medical problem in 2011, I asked him about Ferne. He told me that coming out to the waiting room to tell friends about Ferne was the hardest thing he ever did in his entire career as a doctor in the Verde Valley. As he told me this, he had tears in his eyes.
And here is the Montecristo Maravilla, a limited edition issued in 2005 for the fifth release of the Habanos Collection "Book" series and the 70th anniversary of the Montecristo Brand, an amazing double-robusto size 55 ring gage for 182 mm.
For me, it's like a blast from the past. I grew up with 'salvage'. It was just a normal everyday part of my life. My father scoured the countryside, filled up a big barn like structure that he attached to OUR HOUSE, and sold it for a second income. He already worked as a painter in the paper mill.
Well done Jade! Love your work.
“It should no longer be tolerated.”
2 tsp. fresh parsley, minced
An open heart lives authentically and genuinely with love, humbleness and gratitude.
In what has to be a slap in the face to 200,000 people all over the world who hoped to come to Canada as Skilled Workers, Jason Kenney and the Harper Government have with one swipe of the pen, eliminated the Skilled Worker backlog of immigration applicants.
A very hard day today. Flip was fine when I fed him lunch and took him for a walk around the floor, but he awakened from a nap a totally different person, angry, aggressive, frustrated and not his sweet-tempered self at all. He was throwing punches at everyone, making fists, baring his teeth and hissing like a small child who is pretending to be a scary monster. Several people were in fact scared, and the woman who was scheduled to be his evening sitter refused because she said he spat at her. (I think he must have hissed and perhaps some saliva escaped, but I didn't see it.) Security was called (again.) He remembered the words "Fuck you!" and hurled them at everyone. I think he has reached the end of his endurance for the hospital, which is like prison in his case as everyone is pushing and pulling him and controlling everything he does. Another dimension to his pain derives from being relatively young and used to exercising his body. In his mind, I think, he is fighting for his life, Flip against the world. He even yanked my arm off his, even though I had just helped him in the bathroom by aiming his penis (inexpertly) at the toilet. His life has lost much of its dignity.
We've promised each other through scribbled notes that we'll always stay in each other’s soul.
Someone grabbed my shoulders from behind and yanked me back before I could wrap my mind around the meaning behind Eli’s words. In a blink, I found myself behind someone tall. Someone really tall. And quite broad. And very male.
I commit myself to never giving up on myself as I walk this process of self-forgiveness, along this Journey to Life, as I see and realize that this world is not as it can and must be in order that suffering and abuse may someday end, and in seeing the suffering of the animals and in realizing how the children of this world suffer in silence til they become living examples of us and so the cycles of suffering, abuse and death continue, and I see, realize and understand that I am equally responsible to assist life as it currently exists so that Life in it’s truest form may emerge here within and as our physical reality as all as one as Equal.
Here’s the set-up:
Heres some great images I've found looking through...must do this with another top artist Ian Knox sometime..
When it was time to have the clothes photographed we felt very lucky to have Banbury Cross model for us, and 1 of our favourite photographers to shoot it- Tony Nylons. We were really thrilled with the results as they were just how we imagined when we embarked on the collection.
- pinch of sea salt (or kosher salt) for each truffle
Back in January, Dalia Lithwick of Slate raised alarm over the law, which makes recording someone without their consent a felony punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
Dinner tonight was really good too, I always love coming home because then my dad grills for us! tonight he made bbq chicken and I was in charge of making the asparagus and I made some kale chips for myself. I love veggies!!!
Of those moves, 2 were dorms in college, and 6 were moves to different houses in the same town. So those weren't so hard. But it sounds more dramatic to say I've moved 12 times. But I have seriously lived in 6 different towns in 3 different states in 2 different time zones. For a girl who likes putting down some roots, that's tough.
birthday is on Christmas, too so it is double the fun!) I loved making my list, telling Santa what I wanted and then the anticipation of waiting to open presents and see if I got what I wanted.
Sounds simple, but in the heat of the trading day it can be a challenge for many. Make sure you are always resetting to zero after each trade, win or lose.
I was invited to run a workshop on HE at a conference in Leeds about informal education which took place in May 2009. I asked Denise if she would come along with me, as I was nervous about going alone, and I knew that it would be much more fun with her as my side kick! We got to sit in on some very interesting talks in the morning, but chatting to another delegate at lunch time was a far more interesting affair! To be honest what we heard threw us both a bit, Denise more so I think, given her hope that Badman was a fair and reasonable man, and that these would be qualities that would show through in his report. To cut a long story short, what we heard was the most contentious aspects of the contents of the Badman Report, which wasn’t due out for another few weeks. The delegate in question had been at a conference at which Badman had presented his report - at a time when the HE *community* was still very much hoping to be able to influence the outcome. It was pretty explosive stuff, and the delegate obviously realised that she had let the cat out of the bag (she seemed to have been under the impression that the report had already been released) and very quickly stopped talking to us, leaving Denise and I somewhat shell shocked. We both decided that the best option would be to assume the other delegate had been mistaken, but to check out the conference details when we got back home.
Tyrion is by far the most fascinating character in the series to me. (As a side note, I am so glad that Peter Dinklage won the Emmy for his portrayal of Tyrion. It was well deserved.) Tyrion is a member of the Lannister family which should automatically place him in the antagonist category, yet it doesn’t. In spite of the way he has been neglected and humiliated by his family because of his dwarfism he is still loyal to them and works to help them. It is so interesting to see how, while he has still learned how to use his vast intellect to manipulate, he has been spared from the lessons of cruelty and selfish indifference towards others that his siblings learned. In their disgust for him and the resultant neglect his family inadvertently helps Tyrion to become the most moral of the group. He uses a lot of the sneaky and often underhanded tricks of his family to achieve his goals, yet most often those goals are for the benefit and protection of others. Thanks to Tyrion I am always torn between wanting the Lannisters defeated and wanting Tyrion to succeed. I could write an entire blog on his character alone and I can not wait to see what Martin does with him in the next book.
Stand up and lead. More people are counting on you than you can possibly imagine.
Can’t be bothered with exercise.
Post marriage Genelia Dsouza , now Mrs Genelia Deshmukh appeared with hubby Ritiesh Deshmukh in a white anarkali shalwar suit with embroidery work and looked pretty as ever. For gorgeous Ms Bachchan it was a simple Sabyasachi suit.
The in-laws have been visiting for a few days. It's been pleasant. They're good people.
In our past experience, a coronal mass ejection (CME) precipitates a flurry of electromagnetic activity on earth, including increased crop circle appearances.
If you do all that right, whoever reads your email is inclined to like you. Now comes the make or break point of the process–present the book. If your book blurb is boring, it won’t matter that the reviewers like you. They won’t read your novel. Ever.
My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all, and no one can take them out of the Father’s hand.
We still plan to do that, but now that I’m in full blown packing mode, the time for purging is over. I recognize that I don’t need or want 9 different spatulas, but I don’t have to time to study every spatula, postulate on the merits of each one, and pick the best two or three. There all getting dumped in box, and I can decide which ones I want to keep after we move. The rest will stay in the box, and they will go off to Goodwill.
Hypnotized
For the next hour I tried to get rid of Bob, but the drink had reduced his short-term memory to four seconds and he seemed to be operating on a loop, reintroducing himself to me every few minutes. In the end, I gave up and said I was going home.
This MOC is truly something special. Not only are the details extremely beautiful, but also the photgraphy is mind blowing. The MOC is about the town of Ferentium which lies between Dalmanutha and Loreos-Ultra. Much of it’s prosperity is owed to these two great cities.
Well I've completely redeemed myself from yesterday...I made goal today! Todays task was harder & longer than yesterday with a lower inversion ceiling, and I still managed 3rd place woman and 14th out of 83! And if anyone doesn't believe me, it's all documented on TV.
On Monday, the EU announced an additional Euro 100 million towards the costs of the new sarcophagus, Japan a regular donor has its own Fukushima problems, and several other nations who regularly donate have painful economic issues and IMF involvement. Many other nations will stand by their promises towards Chernobyl and given the current geopolitical struggle between the EU and Russia over trade agreements with Ukraine, as expected Russia pledged money to counter the EU donations financially despite not being a long term donor previously.
Then, it came to a time when we had to say goodbye to each other. I don’t like goodbyes but I went to the train station with them. Our ‘brief encounter’ moment came when they had to check in at last. Their train was already waiting on the platform. We hugged and kissed and shook hands several times. They put their tickets into the machine and the barriers opened and shut like silver-encrusted blades. The tide of feeling sadness and happiness seemed to rise over me. In my sober posture, I waved at my friends and blew kisses with an aching heart.
Gill - Dosie Rosie
A few moments later, his reply:
"Burrows lives in Wisconsin. Only six to seven hours in the car." Abby limped into the kitchen area. The washer swished quietly in the corner. She was a fast healer, but she'd be feeling the wound on her ankle for days. She tried not to wince as she balanced and attempted to make herself a sandwich.
Like the Limnanthes, I started the Bishop's Lace in the greenhouse. I soon found that it was susceptible to overwatering, and ended up with only 3 plants from a six-pack. Fair warning, if you are going to grow it! Bishop's Lace is readily available at most places that stock Renee's Seeds or Botanical Interests.
Roses are Red…Bobby Vinton
are among the worst in almost all
Used as....
I do not want you to work through your stuff with me. Round about transition, “Are you really sure you are doing the right thing?” was a bearable question, but not if repeated. Take yes for an answer. Yes, I have thought about this. For years. Yes, I know all sorts of ways in which it could go wrong. I have considered all the options, and this is the one I choose. And I choose how to work it out for myself- offers of a listening ear are welcome, but I have to choose when and whether to take that offer up.
Tip #2: Income tax management is an important ingredient When 401ks were introduced 30-plus years ago, the drumbeat was about the beauty of tax deferral. The theory was: Defer paying taxes until employees are in a lower tax bracket in retirement.
Boiled peanuts are pretty straightforward to make. If you can, it is best to get the peanuts straight from the farm. For an authentic, although time-consuming, experience, you may even get the vine (peanuts are legumes and grow underground on the root of a viney, low growing bush) and pick them off while sitting under a shade tree and drinking sweet tea. If that is not an option, grocery stores usually have them when in season in the summertime. After washing the peanuts, place them in a large pot and cover with water. Salt liberally (this is key – don’t try to be healthy and go light on the salt). Boil for a few hours, until the meat of the peanut becomes soft, and enjoy!
Saul went on to note that rationality is only one type of reason and devoted a book, Equilibrium, to discussing the other types.
Although it is not my favourite, I do buy Sally Hansen nail polish at CVS because all those fun colours tempt me so. At under $3 a bottle, it's no huge loss if one is shitty. And Sally Hansen nail polishes can be hit or miss -- they have mostly been hits for me, but when they miss, THEY MISS. "Mellow Yellow" by Sally Hansen has got to be the worst nail polish I have ever owned. It is goopy and never goes on opaque -- no matter what I do it always has streaks and bare spots in it. It's just an all-round mess for me. Maybe I have a defective bottle -- I don't know -- but it just does not go on right or ever look good. It always looks like a 3 year old painted my nails! Now as I said -- most Sally Hansen nail polishes have been good. I really like Blue Me Away and Celeb City! Just this particular colour "Mellow Yellow" is awful.
The new concept design will be based on the idea to add one ring, made by the same material of the sphere, at the border of the Upper Hemisphere. The Ring, that will have all the functions of the Ribs, must be designed in order to fit perfectly inside the hemisphere avoiding all eyebolts and screws.
Easing slowly into this was the key. Coat the back of a spoon, smell it. Yup, smells great!
I think you shouldn't leave Tate without trying their cocktails. Karl tells me that they have been making a few new additions to the menu. However, earlier on I saw Karl getting his blow torch out to make a cocktail and I told him "I want that one cos it looks cool" LOL. It turned out to be a lemon meringue martini (RM34), which is very fun to drink IMHO. I also tried the Pina Agave which was pretty nice and refreshing, thanks to the agave nectar and cucumber content.
I am not one to make too many comments on any event after the fact. In great part because I want to enjoy what I am watching. I do not want to over analyze what took place, or what will be taking place in the future as a result. Yet, today I can not stop thinking about the Extreme Rules event last night. So much so, that I took to the internet this afternoon to check out what my fellow fans had to say about said event. Needless to say, we have a difference of opinions on a few things. My opinion of last night’s event in fact, could not be more different from some of the blogs and articles I have spent my time reading today. The differences are so great I find the need to comment on them, and Extreme Rules in some way. I decided the best outlet would be via my blog, because after all, blogs were made for strong opinions and commentaries.
This experience that will change my life
My kitchen faces south, and is SUPER bright. (Not that I’m complaining.) The problem with all of the light is that it is like a spotlight on all of the imperfections in my cabinet paint job! Ugh. As soon as I hung the first door, it was clear that they were going to need another coat.
What we did not know, was the ashes were not totally cold. The embers ignited in the paper sack and the whole kitchen and living room filled with smoke. There were Chinese people screaming everywhere and all we wanted to do was get our money and get the hell out of there.
That was it. From that moment on I kept trying to make up for the “escape to chinatown” and change my unhappy destiny. It was college or bust.
We used to play there about once a month. Before we moved out of the
My first line in the play is spoken to a timid new member of the gut girls on her first day in the sheds; but I almost feel as if I'm saying it to myself, willing my nerves back under control, telling myself I'll be ok. And it works; suddenly I've switched into character, the lines are coming at the right times, I've remembered what I'm supposed to do.
What's New Pussy Cat
Over the past few weeks, I've spent my time finding ways to avoid stuffing my hindquarters into a chair and writing. I'm approaching the end of a first draft for a novel project. This always seems to happen when I'm approaching the end of a writing project. My last few chapters seem to take me forever to finish.
The sauce was a bit reddish and tomatoey, with a vinegar twinge. Not too much of either though, and I like the sauce.
When Summer went into labor, her mother, Ida Mae, kept referring to the gift of being Ricky’s widow. And what his gift would mean to Summer’s future. “Momma, you have a one-track mind. Money, money, money. God help me. Stop talking and help me” Summer screamed as she was about to have her first child. Ida wasn’t one to teach anyone anything. She didn‘t feel Summer needed any help. “I can’t help you, I’m just here for moral support. Women do this everyday. I did it seventeen times with no help from nobody.” Ida proclaimed as she rang out a wash rag to wipe Summer’s forehead. “Momma please!” Summer begged. Ida began coaching Summer on how to breathe and telling her when to push. Ziggy Elwood Hayes was born to Summer Kay exactly thirty-three weeks after Ricky died.
It's pretty, right?
O is for Opinions. Not specifically anybody's opinion, just opinions in general.
A boyfriend’s mom made this as a side dish to accompany dinner often – and I would fight to the death to have the last of it. I have watched her make it dozens of times but never paid attention to how it happens. I was determined to make it work for me and it was a success!! It’s seriously the easiest recipe ever, with just four main ingredients:
A.) Hawaiin/Polynesian
The Philippines is now claiming the area after having proven that it is indeed part and, in fact, an extension of the country’s eastern continental shelf.
And, crackling into the air, leave me half-blind.
At that time, Nokia was the top smartphone vendor with market share of 23.8 percent. A year later, it holds a staggeringly lower 8.2 percent stake in the smartphone market. Apple was also still ahead of Samsung at the time, but the smartphone landscape has changed significantly in the past twelve months.
Clemens, it appeared, insisted on attending Congress to get his message across. He sat before the Committee and denied any illegal use of drugs. McNamee was castigated as a liar and a cheat. Clemens appeared at first to have made his point.
- seeing the Tower Bridge and singing ‘London Bridge is falling down’ while crossing it (Nicky)
passing and you wanted one; you saw a train and you wanted one too. Many of
I didn't know I was in trouble, but things were starting to get worse, not better. The swelling that I experienced at the end of my pregnancy was starting to get more pronounced and more painful. It was hurting me to walk. The look of my legs was thick from thigh to ankle, hardly tapering at the knee. The ankle was so swollen, they were puffy and sore. The tops of my feet would hurt just to tap to the touch. My face had swollen, my hands and arms and my whole body more or less.
Enhanced eBooks are on everyone’s lips, yet there is no general consensus on what an ebook has to have to be considered an “enhanced” ebook. Some conversion services consider a linked Table of Contents to be an enhanced service, others take the term to mean embedded audio and video files, while then there are those like myself who think that an enhanced ebook is internal hyperlinks within the ebook to a different section – a footnotes section or another part of the ebook that offers an explanation – and external hyperlinks. (In the interest of full disclosure, I have to admit that probably 90% if the ebooks that I build could be considered enhanced.)
Who do you think you are? How do you know? Who do you want to be? Post your thoughts on the matter and share with me your stories of “finding yourself” along the road.
22. Household Dust: A Harmless Natural Occurrence Only Women Notice
‘Psst! Do you want to go to a secret cinema?’
Anyways... i'm quite busy today as i've not got another night off now will christmas day! so i've got to get my skates on this morning!
In the way that we must go
The sheep that are My own hear and are listening to My voice; and I know them, and they follow Me.
At the Calgary Freemason’s breakfast, an all-time Albertan told me of the time when he passed through a town north of Calgary. He missed by 5 minutes, of seeing the country western star singer,
you may be any of the above. or if you feel as though you are something else, do tell me! I'm open to them all.
Gdansk. This was my favorite from this trip and where I spent the most time. It used to be a free city, doing its own thing, not really being much of this or that, until one day it was invaded by Nazis who shelled its port, murdered a bunch of post office employees, and then tried to make it look like self defense (? this was long before post office employees were known to snap into murderous rages) and that was how World War II started (more or less)! History lesson of the day.
Ponder: Reeaaacch around.
My mother grew up on the shores of Bear Lake which straddles the border of Utah and Idaho. This was an pleasant rural setting where the small local population struggled through a short growing season the sustain their lives. The settlement was not very old when my mother lived there as a girl, and everyone knew each other. Among the gathering places frequented by the locals was Jesse Cotter's General Store. Mother described the large cast-iron stove in the middle of the store which was the the only thing that could tear a child away from browsing the nooks and crannies of the store. Loitering in the store in the winter around the stove was a common thing to do.
Scattered. It is the only way to describe my brain of late. I have quite the obessional mind and I would like to start using this for good instead of teenage crushes and buying into someone elses created world. If I am not obsessing over our impending holiday of AWESOME, then it is about the dog that I want. Sometimes I even spend hours looking for exactly the right name for my yet unborn puppy.
Alright. I’ve described the stone-skipping process rather simply. The actual situation can be more complex and I don’t want to get into all that. If you’re interested I’ll add these references, you can follow up and read them (and I highly encourage you to!).
A DAY OFF!!! But that’s not what the plan says! How will I reach my goal if I take a day off?
The red one with the black skulls doesn’t work any longer, but I’m afraid to throw it away. I don’t remember what’s on it.
Baby Buns & Bunz Kidz - Girls
O’REILLY FW, STEVENS AB. Sickness absence due to influenza. Occup Med 2002; 52: 265-269.
Deep down inside, I know that what he did was wrong
My printer ink came in and it was only $13 for black and color refills via Amazon. I have not had ink in 3 months!
Philippians 4:6-7 (NLT)
“North Korea may consider abandoning (the test) if the United States agrees to a peace treaty,” the source said, reiterating a long-standing demand by Pyongyang for recognition by Washington and a treaty to end the 1950-1953 Korean War, which ended in a truce.
3 T butter
Finally we had the world premiere of Isaac Florentine's new direct-to-dvd movie Undisputed III. Florentine and one co-star Marko Zaror were on hand and it was a great, lively crowd. They cheered whenever Scott Adkins or Zaror would do some insane move, which is pretty often, and it made the film fun. If you have seen Undisputed II, you know what to expect here. It's wet punchy fun in a prison fighting movie kind of way.
He just wanted to win the election so he could say he made history, by being the first black president. When the work began to show up at his office, he started taking vacations so he could escape the responsibilities a President must face to be successful. He left the jobs to incompetent hacks who have no idea what it takes to run a paper route, much less a nation.
Atheist: That one is not funny!
In 1996, I moved to the States for grad school; specifically, Durham, NC, where I did a Ph.D. at Duke. School may have been the lure, but I quickly discovered that North Carolina was the most beautiful place I’d ever been. I lived there until 2002, then spent 2003 teaching at the University of South Carolina in Columbia. By the time I moved to Seattle in 2003, I had developed a fascination with the Carolinas that will never go away.
No amount is too small.
Finally, I was not sure if I got mad about my situation, I have already been able to yell with my real voice, it was full of rage when I screamed “AAAAHHHHH!”, then I got the chance to get up for seconds, and laid back again. Even though I was relieved and I sighed heavily, I stared in my ceiling for a long time, one of my cousins was there and asked me why I yelled. I said I had an ugly dream, f*ck. It was my first time to scream my whole life out. I was scared I have to admit, it was life and death for me. I find this dream more horrible now compared to my previous nightmares I have had since I was a child, like I felt my soul had partially lifted out from my body. It still gives me goosebumps while I am trying to reminisce it now.
He moved across the room and for a heart-stopping moment Sam thought he would hug her, but instead he held out his hand. She took it. It felt warm and soft.
Joanne
Then he proclaimed that God governs.
27) New England Patriots: LB Shea McClellin
I hope to be able to post more, but that will probably be when I have internet at home (Sometime after August 1st)
I am as curious as a child now than ever to see what happens when each new warp is wound and each new weft is inserted.
when the population increased so rapidly
* A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary.Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Here's a video that will really amaze you. I bet you have never seen THIS in your entire life. This has to be the most patient, loving cat on earth.
“Charlie;” I say.
I am in a completely different situation.
Good morning everybody (which is, right now, nobody).
-Restaurant discount
Sun And Steel (MCA)
My clothes are starting to get a little tight- the dress in this picture barely had room for me to breathe. Maternity clothes are not all that flattering and I'm trying to find things with elastic waists or flowing tops so I don't have to venture into the maternity department.
the heresy of your words
:: Last week's gorgeous weather was such a tease. It has been raining since Monday pretty much. Our backyard is a freaking lake. And there are giant worms and slugs coming out of who knows where and completely disgusting me. Of course Ryann is bouncing up and down, "Ohhhh WORM. Shh-lug. I want to see! I want to see!" Eeew eeew eeew. I HATE bugs of any kind. Except maybe butterflies.
It’s been reported that becoming disabled is like walking into a wall. You’ve been healthy your entire life, except for a few sprains, cuts and bruises. You never realized how your good health had added to your sense of well-being. You also never stopped to appreciate the value of a steady paycheck. But now, it has all ended.
Jack: But we all said them to each other on the bus. No one got mad.
When asked about who should replace Fabio Capello when he stands down after Euro 2012, Carragher stressed that the new boss should be English, and that having a foreign coach is a form of ‘cheating.’
Incredibly, the RGGI has managed to avoid public scrutiny of its operations by incorporating as a non-profit organization and leaving enforcement and regulation to the individual states. The corporation claims it does not have to respond to public requests for information since, technically, it is not actually a government entity.
86-00 Killed in the flooding of the Mediterranean
For those of you who have followed my planning and preparation, I thank you. I also thanks you for your words of encouragement and also, to those who have sponsored me; I hope you don’t want your money back.
Now I am not sure why I was worried about this event being very formal with my family involved in it, we are not renowned for being the most sensible family :-) Above is a photo of middle Sweetpea and Great Grandad Sweetpea with my Sister's tash bag, this went round the room for everyone to have photos taken with it. There was also a pair of plastic glasses with a willy nose doing the rounds too - goodness knows who bought that with them but the photos are very funny indeed :-)
Jeroen van Niele: Bass
The podcast was recorded at Levitz’s comedy club back on January 21 but audio of the episode had not been heard until this week.
Ahmanson Theater
Thursday- Problem Solving- Write your first name and last name. How many letters in each? How many letters all together? Which one has the most letters? Which one has the least letters? Click here for the label.
I used to stay on top of keeping things clean, but I’ve somehow let the mess get out of control, and now I don’t know how to keep up. It’s rather frustrating when you spend hours cleaning only to find your house in the exact same condition a few hours later. Moms, how do you cope? How do you keep up? I can certainly tell you that a clean house and car does wonders for my emotional well-being. Just imagine my angst to see a grilled cheese fall out of my car.
The man, Jonny, is talking about getting revenge for what happened back in the Civil War but the woman, Em, doesn't want him to go through with it. The object of the revenge? Well, he's sitting across the street in a saloon, enjoying lunch...
Your Blog Can Provide Therapy to You and Your Readers
He is also quadriplegic, has no swallow reflex and is also unable to cough.
Now go fetch some empty jars…
But this was always about the journey, rather than the destination. And it was a challenging, magical trip. Fortune smiled on us all the way. And a lot of very kind people gave us help, advice and encouragement.
All I know is this chick is very messy!
With the evolutionary concept, no obvious changes have been made with the cars layout. The retains a steeply raked attitude, Newey mentioned at the launch that the loss of EBDs will affect their ability to angle the car into the nose down attitude. But the evidence of the car on-track suggests that obtaining laptime with a lot of rake is not an issue.
GOOD COP or BAD COP?---Shit cop!
I KNOW! Sob for me... It's a terrible tragedy!
The weather is on the turn now so I will move into the green house and pot on chilli and peppers.
More importantly, the development of a registry should be a “service” that USATF provides (and coaches shouldn’t be charged, we don’t charge athletes for their drug tests) not to identify “drug” coaches, but to protect the youth that the sport serves. Because USATF is not only responsible for our “elite” athletes but oversees all of our youth programs. And to discover that we have been allowing coaches to work with our kids WITHOUT having done background checks on them is the height of irresponsibility on the part of USATF and appalling. If we are more concerned with whether or not a coach might embarrass the US by coaching an athlete that comes up “positive” than we are about putting our kids in the hands of potential pedophiles, drug pushers or individuals with other unsavory backgrounds, then the priorities of our leadership is in serious question!
Glass-House Stone Throwing
So not only do I get to announce a winner, I get to tell you about another great book to add to your list of perfect books for the holiday season. Congratulations Anna on winning and most importantly on your book!!
Happy Mothers Day beautiful Moms!
Biblical understanding is then only possible through the work of the Holy Spirit. The apostle put it this way in Romans 8:5-6.
Competing and Complementary Books. Make a list of books that compete with yours and those that complement it. Give a sentence or two about your reasoning.
Everyday is Like Sunday – Morrissey
The only thing that disappointed me was the ending. I really wanted Shannon to kill Brandy, not give her a new start. I mean, it was a nice thing to do, but it seemed inconsistent with her character. She was angry and spiteful and lonely, and saving Brandy’s life by giving her an identity she’s always wanted is just too big of a stretch for me. I guess it kind of furthers the idea of her being invisible though because now she isn’t even technically a person anymore since she abandoned her identity. I was also a little confused at how Brandy and Evie had planned everything. I didn’t really understand why she was wearing a bulletproof vest and then Evie hugged Shannon and thanked her…. I was able to follow everything up until that point. Well, except how Manus’ mention of sailing to Shannon was an indication that he was cheating on her with Evie. That didn’t make sense to me either but I figured I just overlooked something.
At the end of last week we were able to consider our personal understanding of scripture viewed through the historical perspective of the creation on the C of E, and the development of it’s three major traditions. This week I would like us to consider the inherent value of tradition by looking at another period in the history of the C of E when tensions were high and issues threatened its
08-14 Ghent, Belgium - St. Peter's Square
And the list goes on and on.
“Cows were sacrificed by aliens sending the White House into a panic declassified FBI files have revealed.
The aforementioned blues, then, are often where the real work comes in when it comes to remembering that it’s okay to feel a number of contradictory things at one time. See, I know that the blues are chemical. And I also know that they’ll pass – usually by the Sunday or Monday following chemo – and that I’ll start to feel a lot better, and hopefully ready to kick some ass again, before the next round. What I also know (insert groan to end all groans) is that – since there’s no end in sight to this chemo, given that it’s designed to, well, y’know, keep me here – is that this is what mine and P’s life looks like now.
And that is forever.
Adèle - Je Ne Veux Plus D'accordéon
We need to stop ignoring them. We need to get down to their level and not only "hear" them, but really hear what they are saying and address and acknowledge it. We need to respond to their first request for attention. Not their third. By putting them off, and ignoring the requests, we encourage our children to whine. The exact behavior we say we don't like.
Doubling over, Rel pressed his forehead to the cool stone and clamped his hands over his ears. He didn’t have time for this. Rissad could already be freeing himself. He clenched his teeth, lips pulled back in a silent snarl. Focus returned enough to get him back up to a sitting position. Did he need to go inside? No, the battlement would be enough. Would have to be enough; he was too close to losing his battle with the Second Realm’s logic to risk the impossible maze of the Court’s halls.
Last year dozens of people received saints to be their special patron, and there were miraculous connections. It was truly amazing. We pray that this year the Holy Spirit will again work so that all participants receive a saint that they will be able to pray to for aid throughout the entire year:
Like sharing this spicy-tangy chilli kaffir tamarind tofu dish with Simon on New Year's Eve.
THAT’S VOICEOVER! is an exciting, interactive, behind-the-scenes career event where the top talents in the voiceover industry reveal the practical steps to establishing and sustaining a career in this highly rewarding and intriguing field. Through targeted Q&A, audience participation and audition scenarios, a finely tuned and comprehensive picture is conveyed for anyone desiring to become a voiceover actor or to work in one of the supporting careers (producers, writers, directors, agents) that make up the broader industry.
handed you a
almost anything. Could you talk a bit about the different process required
Favorite quotes.
1. You reach your last day with the brilliant song that your life was meant to sing still silent within you.
'everywhere a bewildering mass of fruit blossom-apple,
I didn't really celebrate it today, my grandmothers and boyfriend visited, the rest of my family will come on friday and next week I'm throwing a big party together with my boyfriend (his birthday was 3 days ago, so we throw our parties together)!
Address: 1100 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, D.C.
Sign up now for our FIRST-EVER FREE Exclusive Health-D Session, where we’ll demystify health right in front of your FACE! We’ll be sharing actionable tips and zero-BS strategies on how to lose weight for REAL. It’s happening LIVE next Tuesday, May 8th at 8:00 pm Eastern Standard Time (EST).
Allow me to ask you a question; what is more impressive? (A) Breaking down musical barriers and, for better or worse, doing something that has never been done before? Or (B) working within an existing form, but nuancing it enough, so that you enhance it and evolve within it? I know that all of the Radiohead fans and virtually everyone who reads Pitchfork would pick A hands down, but I have always considered myself the traditionalist and opted for option B. On Dr. John’s Locked Down, you’re not getting anything new. It’s kind of ironic, since this is the album that will introduce Dr. John to a new generation of fans, but he’s really just doing the same thing he always has. The album is, at times, hard rock, at other times, psychedelic, and, at all times, overflowing with the flavor of New Orleans. It may be the same old tricks for a musician in his seventies, but it’s just different enough to feel like something you’ve never heard before.
But that rite of spring was upended this year. The critically endangered animals, which usually arrive in late March or early April to graze on shrimplike plankton, began arriving before Christmas, as water temperatures hovered several degrees above normal, dispersing only recently.
Honestly, I didn’t want to read this book. I didn’t want to touch it either. When I first saw the synopsis, I was like, Oh my God! It’s Mortal Instruments all over again! Don’t get me wrong, I love Mortal Instruments. I adore it! I just don’t see the point on reading a book with a kinda similar plot. And I’m not talking about the Shadow world and all that stuff. It’s the characters! It’s like a rip-off, only, they have the same author. But what the hell?! I decided to give it a shot.
Here we have a man – an experienced journalist known for his anal attitude to checking the provenance of stories – who wants his interrogators to accept that he knows the goal-difference for every team in the Premiership, but has never heard of Manchester United.
I still have not heard back from you. Please let me know if your answer is still “Dog”
Let’s Pretend
Good Friday fell on Friday the 13th in 1979, 1990, 2001. The next time it will happen is in 2063. Some think Good Friday the 13th is “good luck”, because then Easter Sunday is on April 15 which gives Americans an extra day to file taxes.
Don’t forget to come by and visit the site to check out our new look!
Yesterday was Learn Nothing Day, a holiday created by Sandra and Holly Dodd to poke a little fun at those folks who ask us questions like, "But if you don't go to school, how do you learn?"
energy for peaceful purposes,’’
They also had this printed on the front of a thong. Just FYI.
Verily, a shapely woman; to the touch like crape!
Too fast for anything but radio.
Thanks again everyone and if the 4 winners could email me their address
Congratulations Linnea!! Send me your mailing address and I will have your goodies off to you soon!!
Yep, that should do it. Given my less than stellar record of following through with New Year's Resolutions, I'll never do any of these things. And that's a good thing. You know, because of the whole reverse psychology thing. And, if by chance I keep my resolutions for the first time in my life, at least I can say that I kept my resolutions! It's a winning situation either way! See? I'm way too smart for one person.
In a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks until tips curl over.
Michelle and I actually started to measure the door with a couple dollar bills
All new brews this week include:
Now, that the list is chopped to ten we can eliminate one player from each position. The best starting five would be Derek Rose, Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Kevin Love, and Dwight Howard. I think everyone would agree that these players are the best at their individual position, with the exception of Kevin Love. In my opinion, Love is the most underrated player in the NBA. He scores more points, grabs more rebounds, and has a better jump shot than Blake Griffin. Love is not on ESPN’s top ten plays every night like Griffin, but he is the better overall player at this point. The only other player that is not in this top five that really should be is Kevin Durant. Durant is one of the best in the league without question, but unfortunately he is not the best player at his position. If you are not the best player at your position, then you are not the best in the league.
Pigs are flying in the air; pigs are flying
Make your own nachos
We have a stand up freezer, a treadmill, a workbench, all our household paints, nostalgic items from our childhoods…
right here, on the outside
Lucy looked unsure. “Where does this train go?”
Fantasie in G major (1868)
Look for the “Florida Grass-Fed Beef” booth at the Delray GreenMarket. The vendor is Arrowhead Beef based in Chipley, Florida, and their meat comes from free-range cattle that eat a natural grass and forage diet. No hormones or antibiotics are used.
Sarah was always in a bad mood and she was stressed out a lot. Sometimes she would wonder why she took the job as governor. It was too hard, she said; there was so much going on.
Her cold hands on my forehead were a soothing change,a caress which meant home.And peace.
2010.09.05 Iraq Baghdad 12 36 Six Fedayeen attack a government building, killing a dozen Iraqis.
Of course you need to try and time your crossing of the bridge as every half hour the bridge may go up to let boats go in and out of the harbor.
Suarez (24), (28), (82)
For those of you, who have steadfastly traveled with me thus far on the road to biblical submission; probably already have a keen sense of what God plans to teach us at this junction.
Tak Matsumoto/ Composer “Theme from Ultraman” and “Never Goodbye”
Oh guess what I picked up at the beginning of the week...
“Sunpeaks also has become aware that Internet newsletters have been making unsupportable claims, inappropriate comparisons and unjustifiable common stock performance projections about the company,” the release stated.
In order to qualify as a Part 36 Offer, the offer must comply with CPR 36.2 (including (a) being in writing, (b) stating on its face it is intended to have the consequences of Section I of Part 36, and (c) specifying a period of not less than 21 days within which the defendant will be liable for the claimant’s costs if the offer is accepted). It has been held that an offer only open for 21 days does not comply – the offer must be open until withdrawn by notice appropriately served. So Cautious’s offer would not in any event have been an offer under Part 36, because it expires after 21 days. Likewise, an offer which specifies the costs consequences would not be a Part 36 Offer, as that is inconsistent with Part 36, which sets out the costs consequences.
This one is their first and last time.
Somebody’s Hero – Jamie O’Neal
following the ghost of Spanish footsteps that must have,
This deliciously warm scarf is begging for me to wear him, but many problems plague me if I were to fold.
Just for today be thankful for your many blessings
Right, of course they weren't
Transdniester refused to become part of post-Soviet Moldova as it foresaw both states being reabsorbed into Romania. Abkhazia, South Ossetia and Adjara, parts of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, didn’t desire to be included in the Republic of Georgia and majority-Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh adopted a similar approach to post-Soviet Azerbaijan. The above are collectively known in certain circles as the frozen conflicts in former Soviet space.
but now we are together
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas: 29 (10, 9, 10) + 10 = 39
There are Two Paths Ahead; Each Marked with a “Danger” Signpost
Some have asked why I called my last post "A letter to Tory England". I did so, because it is aimed at those living in the villages and Market Towns of so called “Middle England” and because they are primarily white and primarily they vote for the Conservative party. Yes, there are Labour voters in the countryside, as there are Tories in the cities, however, if one were to strip away the large urban areas of Britain (dream on) and leave only those parts of it I am addressing there would a huge and permanent Tory majority, at least there would be until everything begins to crumble.
bespell the ink so a vampire could be tattooed. Normally they healed too fast
It's amazing to watch how things have progressed with Ryan's fine motor skills. Gross motor has always been his strong suit, with how he learned to walk so soon and how he took to being such a fearless dare-devil. He has always enjoyed a bit of "drawing" or "kuh-woh" as he calls it, but moreso now I notice he is taking lots of time and really focusing on what he is doing. They are still marks of lines and dot-dot-dots, but now they are more purposeful. He is even making attempts to colour within the lines with his crayons!
A 15 foot plunge into the pond. I don’t like heights, so I wasn’t thrilled, but barely moving my lead filled legs, I jumped in the cold water!
Fast forward some 25 years, and I type (for work) and cook (for pleasure—and family) everyday— with the occasional sewing project thrown in on special occasions.
Goodbye. I said goodbye to one of my best friends this weekend. Tavi – the same Tavi that gave me my awesome new haircut, took me to my first yoga class, and came with me to my plastic surgery consultation – is gone. He and his boyfriend Antonio are both aerialists, and they booked a gig in a circus show that’s bring performed on a cruise ship. So, for the next seven months, they’re going to be cruising up and down the Pacific coast, from Alaska to Colombia, flipping and swinging and twirling the whole way.
I always thought Valentine was for lovers & couples.
First and foremost – this is for my best friend Joni. I happen to have a very nice and fulfilling vacation before my birthday. When suddenly – a girl friend of mine sent me a pile of email with a 20 minute interval. I wanted to comfort her, but I am miles away. So, for you my friend, and all the girls out there – Cheer up! This is the day when you will stop “figuring it out”.
lance rautzhan got a card of his own in 1979, and it looks a lot like davalillo's
The big night finally arrives. I’m all set! Thermos flask loaded with tea, small candle lantern to see me through the vigil, full box of ciggies and a couple of lighters and away I go. I had barely started the car before the heavens opened. Torrential rain poured from the dark night sky, driving was treacherous and given that the build-up and anticipation for the coming vigil was already near overflowing, my nerves were close to breaking point! I was relieved to finally arrive safely at St Margaret’s.
4) Ready to serve.
1 TS vanilla
“Something the Lab had come up with to deal with the Neos. It operates on a jamming principle, designed to short out a Neos soldier-class drone and render it immobile and helpless until we could get it secured and transported for analysis. Now–mind you–this was a prototype and fell into disuse; meaning that it never went past the primary production stage–”
Things she may never possess,
Around 400 BCE Aristotle in his Politics, went over the numerous kinds of government systems. (I’ll spare you a lot of Aristotle’s words because, as much as I love the man’s philosophy, what is left of his works has a style dryer than a stale cracker in the middle of the Gobi desert at noon…that and I’m planning a whole series of blogs on his Nicomachean Ethics to start in a month or so, so don’t think you’re getting out of this). The long and short of it is that he dislikes extremes. Rule by only the rich leads to corruption and misery. Rule by only the poor leads to stealing the wealth of the rich and anarchy. Rule by one person leads to tyranny and suffering. Rule by letting everyone vote (even if they’re criminals or non-citizens…I wonder who would be dumb enough to support something that insane?) leads to chaos and anarchy. Aristotle liked middle ground.* He liked the idea of a constitutional government, of a government of what he called aristocracy (we would call it a republic or representative government) and democracy, of where the law was higher than the whim of the ruling body (a set Constitution that is higher than the will of the mob) but not set in stone where it can never be changed (the process of amending that constitution). But of the things he goes over a lot is his distrust of the very rich and the very poor. He points out that whenever the concerns of either of these groups takes precedent it is the middle classes that suffer first followed by the entire government collapsing under the weight of corruption and chaos.
Now, I’m all for being healthy and fit. I am currently on my own fitness quest, though I’ll spare you the before pictures. But I have lived long enough and far exceeded the maximum paleolithic lifespan to have learned a simple truth. Moderation is the key. A little butter or bacon or barbecue or tiramisu won’t kill you. And it definitely adds to the deliciousness of life.
“Sure uncle ji”, Sameer took the keys and the bags and kept them safely on his scooter.
We all got ready and left fairly early just to get her to stop asking us when we were going to go bye bye. This meant that we got to the theater early. I figured she’d be easily amused by the sights and sounds and would have no issues waiting from 2:00 p.m. ‘til 2:40 when the movie would start.
Most of you all have probably heard the saying, song, or whatever, "Life is just a bowl of cherries". This song has been playing in my head the whole time I was putting this card together and I don't even know any other words to it....Hence, the cherry charm. I changed the words to "Fun is just a tub of bubbles" to go with the image for a birthday that's coming up in January.
come back...
The cost of Aeropostal items may be stated to become in between that of Express or Gap that is much more costly, and Old Navy that is less expensive. This tends to make the brand a preferred amongst numerous simply because it combines affordability with fantastic style. Therefore, it is now 1 with the biggest clothes companies within the marketplace.
16. “Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.” -C.S. Lewis
I’m not a big steak person so giving up beef isn’t that big a deal. I converted to turkey burgers a long time ago, only eating beef burgers from time to time. I eat pork a couple of times a year, usually ham for holidays and my family recipie of chopped North Carolina Style bbq (also known as pulled pork). I make that like once in the summer. Once again, I happily replaced pork bacon with turkey bacon in my diet.
Do this for yourself. You deserve it and so does your family. Think of it this way, you're really spending that $39 not only on yourself but on your family as well. Having a calmer, more organized mom with more time to spend on the important things rather than trying to come up with all of this on her own is truly such a blessing to all members of the family. You'd spend $39 (or more) taking them out to eat wouldn't you? (Ok, so maybe on a special occasion you would. A trip to McDonald's for our family is around $28-$30!) Just think how much longer this will actually last and bless you and your family. I plan on using this and reading through the articles and information over the course of the whole school year. That averages out to a mere $3.25 a month! Now seriously, who can't afford to spend $3.25 on themselves?!
Some may agure that extending unemployment is not the answer, but without this small amount of help many will do without. It is not for lack of trying as jobs are almost non exsistant today. The only thing that is stopping the United States from returning to the unemployment rates of the depression is unemployment benifits. Yet, now the republicans, think the best thing to do is block this legislation.
Gregory: you said Mitt was more ruthless than
reviewing:
Leave room for mystery.
And through roasting zeros
Whatever they say, I’m not listening. I’m just ignorant enough to stay that way in my happy little bubble of belief that there are others like me who do not wish to engage in a series of processes to see which will prove successful, but rather a “real” connection based on healthy communication and sincerity.
The stories are wonderfully offbeat and the style is pulpy and breathless. There are various malevolent figures working for the German Empire who seem to be inspired by fictional diabolical criminal masterminds such as Dr Fu Manchu. In fact the tone is a bit like Sax Rohmer’s Fu Manchu stories but with more technology and more science, albeit weird fringe science. A cross between the Fu Manchu books and Buck Rogers.
I’ll finish off with a picture I alluded to in my previous posting about the 10 soles bill as I found an image of an older note with the upside-down plane. Enjoy.
I remember being young and listening to my parents discuss how in England, young unmarried pregnant girls were being supported by the State via generous welfare and free housing. As young as I was, even I realised that this was not a good thing as it would only lead to more and more young girls getting pregnant to get the same benefits. Today England sits in crisis on all fronts. In South Africa at that time, it was a huge scandal to be at school, unmarried and pregnant. The pregnant girls usually left school in disgrace to have their baby and then completed their education elsewhere. When did that thinking change? Why is it no longer a scandal? Because do-gooders around the world thought they knew best and started guilting us into accepting all kinds of anti-social behavior. They wanted our societies to be more interracial (!). They wanted gays to be allowed out in the open (and now married). They wanted more abortions (now late-term abortion is acceptable). They wanted drugs to legalised (cannabis already is). They wanted girls to be able to have babies at a young age and then be supported for the rest of their lives. They keep pushing the envelope until there is a cave in. Pretty soon the deluge of girls dropping out of school to have their welfare babies started. In South Africa, the ANC announced welfare to all mothers earning under a certain amount. Bang - out popped hundreds of thousands of fatherless babies, just so the mother could get claim welfare money. Of course they don't think a little further - that these kids cost you for the rest of your life and that they grow up repeating the cycle. No, that's what the government is for - they are responsible for looking after their kids - that would be you, Mr and Mrs Tax Payer. This is also the reason why the majority of Blacks in America vote for the Democrats, their enablers. Cradle to grave welfare. Michigan is finally getting it, but how do they tackle the problem? It's not so easy to put the Genie back in the bottle once out. The common sense answer is staring everyone in the face, but the PC police won't have it. Just STOP the welfare.
For years, I struggled, trying to hear God’s voice, hearing it, then doubting if it was really God. My doubt screamed at me so loud, and I was screaming so hard back, that I wasn’t even listening. Everyone has their own language with God. How he talks with me isn’t how he talks with you. Well, some of it is, because there are forms of communication that is pretty good—but DON’T underestimate ANYTHING.
Fishing…
“You guys want to hear some more old shit or what?” Billie Joe Armstrong says before opening the track “Who Wrote Holden Caulfield?” and adds after strumming a few notes, “This song is my favorite song from Kerplunk by the way.” Armstrong’s energy and enthusiasm pumps me up every time I listen to this part of the album. Much like attending one of their shows, Green Day keeps you entertained and somehow builds upon your excitement with each subsequent song. The album Insomniac is finally represented with “Geek Stink Breath” and like the previous five songs, a classic song will always be great no matter what.
"What are friends for?"
Sharing rooms is also a productions trick to save money. when your on location with the same people all day the last thing you want is to be stuck with them all night, often with runners you will never have met the other runner you are sharing with either. This is a nightmare, do they snore? Will they hog the bathroom? Will they be tidy? On one production they decided to stick the runners in their own cottage, two girls and three boys all sharing one working shower that was located in the girls room. Hideous. Having boys wondering into your room in the morning to shower and leaving bits of themselves in there. Disgusting. But this was luxury compared to my next accommodation.
-ADIOS, NIRVANA by Conrad Wesselhoeft -- this one's not out yet, but I just finished reading an ARC courtesy of netgalley and it is AMAZING. Like, the male POV version of The Sky is Everywhere, but without the romance. So, so good (I should state that this book is repped by my agency, but I didn't actually know that when I read it. So.).
Laura began to cry. Not the great, heaving sobs of hours ago when Hayley had returned without her daughter, but very simple, honest tears that rolled down her porcelain skin without affecting any other part of her. The tears were warm against her cheeks, and it was only this that made her realise the pimples on her flesh were not there out of fear, but rather because she was cold.
Miss Honeysuckle tutored me for the best part of a year, and would have doubtless continued for the best part of a decade had I not gently prodded her to conclude our business.
after winter. The Spring moon is wanton,
“Who?” asked Steve.
Yesterday I spoke to a few of the newb group and it looks like our sessions have come to an end. With new jobs, surgeries, moves and scheduling I decided to end it. A couple of the goers, younger guys, were disappointed, but understood. I told them I would print out a couple copies of the rules for them (probably S&W core or complete I'm not sure) so they can run their own old school game with a group of their friends. They already have the dice. I told them all they really need is a set of the rules and some paper and pens.
For some reason my sister returned having been crying. Mum gave her an evil drunk look and then turned away in disgust. Rachel flopped down on a bean bag anf wiped her fringe out her wet eyes. She must have cracked and admitted to the horrors of what we were all living.
I still have to say that my favorite week in those bungalows was the week Karissa and I got married. We filled all 18 bungalows and a few surrounding villas with family and friends and watched as our little yoga and Pilates detox haven became the family retox centre.
"You're not short- you're fun-sized!"
The first of these answers might seem to be justified by the fact that, in the memorable words of our Lord to Nicodemus, the birth by water and that of the Spirit seem to be spoken of as elements in the same great change; and by the further fact that the Apostles seem ever to refer to the moment of Baptism as the time when that change took place. But a small amount of reflection suffices to show that to this view there are many and insuperable objections. A large amount of confusion of thought has been caused on this subject by the habit of theorising on the subject of infant Baptism, and the benefits that are believed to flow from it, instead of basing our conclusions on that which was actually revealed with respect to the Baptism of adults. Few will have the temerity to affirm that the mere process of baptizing an adult, whatever his moral condition or attitude, will produce real spiritual regeneration. A man may submit to baptism merely because the chief of his tribe has become a nominal Christian, and he desires to keep in his favour; or he may be baptized, as multitudes of Jews recently were in Russia, merely to escape persecution. To suppose that, in response to a sacrilegious abuse of the sacrament, the Holy Ghost confers on the recipient the blessing of regeneration, and works in him, as the reward of his impiety, the greatest and most beneficent change that supernatural power can effect, is to come perilously near blaspheming the Holy Ghost. But as soon as the admission is made that the act of Baptism does not produce regeneration in such cases, logic constrains us to conclude that Baptism is not the cause of regeneration; nor is it even, if we regard God Himself as the cause, a condition upon which it is absolutely dependent. In such cases as we have suggested unquestionably the man is not regenerated; but he may become so, if he comply with certain other conditions ; that is to say, if he subsequently exhibits that frame of mind which ought to have accompanied his Baptism. His regeneration, then, will have been dependent, on man’s side, not on his Baptism, but on the sincerity of his repentance and the reality of his faith.
Welcoming Lucy to the World:
Tammy and I spent Friday cruising the grounds at the Minnesota State Fair. We caught a bus from the Burnsville transit station and paid $5 for round trip tickets for us each. We planned to be back around 6 or 7 that night but we were having too nice of a time to pack it in so soon. I called my neighbor Mark to see if he could possibly let the pups out for us and he was kind enough to do that and would accept payment in the form of a pale of Sweet Martha's Cookies. He was only joking but I thought it made for a nice trade-off.
Wipe down the handles and light switches and anything that gets touched on a daily basis. Also, make sure you dust and vacuum. That apartment has been sitting for quite some time since the last tenant and professional cleaner, and maybe it was even shown to a few potential renters before you. Dust the tops of the doors and the storage railings in the closets and any other surface.
The Last Word is an easy and delightful book to read. Benn does a great job of drawing the reader into the story, helping us to see ourselves in the disciples and in turn, points us to the comforting last words of Jesus as the source of life. This book would be a great devotional and with the study questions in the back it would make for a helpful Bible study guide for a small group. This is the kind of book every Christian can benefit from as they dive into the final words of Jesus.
Here are the 10 most jobless countries:
Change is a norm for me at the moment and although at times I have huge anxiety and it doesn’t bode well for my stress levels I am learning more and more each day challenging myself to do things I couldn’t have ever had dreamed of.
Naturally, eating will give you energy. You can get food by planting and harvesting crops and animals. You can use them to buy meals from the marketplace. There are 7 meals in the market you can choose from. They range from light snacks to all you can eat meals.
This is another piece that sold at Susan Powell Fine Art before I could even post it here. I really like how this one turned out. It is what I strive for in my work. A balance of warm and cool, light and dark, and tight and loose.
Roberts is a masterful storyteller in how she develops her characters. I can see why she has written so many books. She does a great job of building the back story behind the characters. However, what made this story hard for me was that I didn't really like the main character, Mackensie Elliot (aka "Mac") very much. I couldn't get behind her to root for her and the issues that she was facing with her family and her relationships. There were many points of the book that I just wanted to say to Mac, "Get over it!"
Despite the hissiness of this tape, it's clearly the best of four tapes sampled - so enjoy this immense Zappateer co-production, won't you?
Israel did not just steal most of the Palestinian land. With the excuse of terrorism it also controls the little that it left for the Palestinian people. In the little spit the Palestinians have, Israel has created a buffer zone, to protect itself. This so called ‘conflict zone’ is in an area where Palestinian tend their fields. Needless to say, the Palestinians are angry. So are those who support their cause.
In case you don't know, they serve gluten free noodle for those who are allergic. They do have normal pasta too, but why not give that a try? They use quinoa noodles, and it's pretty close to normal pasta texture. The mac and cheese has 5 types of cheese. It has Swiss, mozzarella, parmesan, cheddar, and fontina cheese. To be honest, I can't tell what fontina cheese tasted like, but with the combination with all of them worked for me. It's cheesy for sure. Not as cheesy as the ones I've had at BRC, but at a stromy night, that will do.
10. Tianjin: I have never really had the desire to live in a Big City, but Tianjin definitely is that(around 13 million people). Tianjin is really beautiful though, and has a very international flair, and I feel so blessed to live here. I would highly recommend googling “Tianjin at Night” images, to just have an idea of the beautiful city I get to experience every time I go into town.
“Governor Palin will change the dynamics of the entire presidential race,” she said. “Her admirable record of confronting corruption and living her pro-life convictions shows she is a doer, not just a talker. Sarah Palin will make history as a vice presidential candidate – and not simply because she’s a woman, but because she’s a woman of substance and character.”
Finally, I love how concrete the details of the Toronto setting are. O’Connell uses street names and landmarks a lot, such that reading World sometimes felt like taking a walk/bike ride/drive around the city. I especially love that O’Connell even gives Mississauga a shout-out. Maggie spends some time in Port Credit (in southern Mississauga), and her description, making it sound so different from the city, almost like a quaint little town. Grace O’Connell is already Random House of Canada’s New Face of Fiction; I can imagine Magnified World entering the canon of Toronto literature because it gives such a sense of place.
what can i have for supper
See the video in the link above
what i love about this collaboration most of all, in retrospect, is that it formed a bond amongst the 15 artists that is still there today; our "leader", lynne perrella, still sends out group letters to us all that will trigger responses from quite a few of us in return. we talk of art, and food, and books, and museum visits, we remember childhood stories, childhood dreams. even today lynne sent out a letter talking about housecleaning, purging, airing things for spring and how good all of that feels.
M is for Mystery Bookstore, San Mateo, CA
It cannot be said that binding demons or the souls of the dead for such purposes is necessarily appealing, or even ethical, in modern magical practice, though it still does occur. It is even less appealing to inflict such curses and bindings on someone from whom one wishes to have erotic and romantic favors. This kind of violent manipulation is one of many things that gave magic a bad name in ancient times. It’s an interesting historical curiosity, but it is something that we don’t necessarily have to carry on in the modern world, when there are better ways to handle such things. Picking up the phone and calling the person, or crossing the crowded dance floor and saying “Hello” are both acts that are simpler, faster, and though often requiring more courage, are also often more immediately effective, and just as magical in potentially every way.
1) Best LGBT relationship?
Is it because we're not getting any younger . . . we value our time (especially the FREE time), and want to spend it in more meaningful ways than cleaning a home that is bigger than we need, and trimming and mowing a yard that is bigger than we need? . . . yeah partially . . .
Roman Dalton wakes in a flat with no memory of how he got there. Ton Ton Macoute's men are after him and millionaire Harry Nero is engaged in kidnapping and zombification. All Roman knows is he has to find Daisy before it's too late. The only problem is, he can't remember who Daisy is. A dark intense story by Richard Godwin involving slavery, which looks at the genesis and workings of Roman's lycanthropy.
However, even people who have come here legally disagree with Ludwick’s point of view. “Education is one of those things that should not rely on one’s immigration status. Educated individuals make a better society regardless of where they live,” said Miral Bessed, a UO student who immigrated legally to the U.S. from Pakistan 10 years ago. “I know plenty of people who are born and raised here and have all the benefits, but do not care about obtaining education. If someone has the drive and the commitment to attain knowledge, I believe it’s only fair to facilitate it for them.”
Mama Dazz and I met up with an old friend of hers a few weeks later at Walker’s Grille for lunch. I had the same dish as before: trout en papillote. This is the only fish dish I’ve ever had that I can remember eating the entire thing, skin and all. Both times the fish was light and moist, flaky and melt-in-your-mouth delectable, and it is light enough to match whatever time of day you are craving it. I hope to recreate this dish in the summer, but to continue on with my story…
How about we practice what we preach, people?!? Let’s show the world BY EXAMPLE, shall we? We don’t always need to agree with everyone on every idea or issue. But we DO need to be RESPECTFUL, both in our support or in our disagreement.
Running Time- 92 minutes (“R”)
But the real pleasure in this show is the snappy dialogue. You don’t have to understand much about the characters to see the beauty in this quote. Raylan, U.S. Marshall is threatening Boyd, childhood friend, adult frenemy. Theirs is an odd relationship, but for the purpose of this quote, you only need to know that Raylan has just found out that Boyd used Raylan’s aunt’s house as an Oxy clinic. In addition to the other problems in his life, this makes Raylan a bit uptight.
caught
Matthew 11:28
“What did I do, officer?” asked the driver casually.
The funiest dog on earth is a pug.
I’m so sad that I didn’t get the opportunity to give her the grand tour of Miranda (our campervan) as I’d promised her I would. I wish I had realised that I didn’t have as much time as I thought I did to do that, but that was Denise for you. She’d outlived her initial prognosis by leaps and bounds and somehow she seemed to me to be invincible (I’d been very worried about her back in Jan/Feb but her attitude made me think I was being ridiculously pessimistic and so I snapped myself out of it and went back to thinking she was invincible). She wasn’t the sort of person to wallow in self pity; always downplaying her troubles and always so much more interested in helping other people; even when she’d had a bad day she’d be looking forward to the good one that was just around the corner. I will never ever not be awe inspired by her courage, her joie de vivre, and I will treasure my memories of her always.
Break the mask that hides my face,
Maybe I even wanted to feel some secret excitement as beautiful strangers wandered in and out of the cafe, possibly noticing what book I was holding. Ooh, she's being naughty, reading erotica...YES!YES!YES!.. I was okay with that. And so I read on. It'll kick in and I'll become really engaged, I thought. Hmm... just a couple more paragraphs. Waiting...
Melodrama: Pretty self-explanatory. In trying to be too exciting, the developer will make the opening sequence so melodramatic that it's impossible to take seriously. This is obviously a bad thing when the game isn't meant to be goofy and it will instantly put people off continuing with the game.
2. You Gotta Be Crazy
This game sets Aragorn in a scouting round, facing a few goblins, and teaching you the close combat mechanics. Once again, a race towards the gates on the other side of the table. This time however the goblins get to stop Aragorn most of the time (the gaming area is so small) but he just keeps beating and killing them!
We have the pleasure of interviewing young music legend DJ static. His unique style of beats have been used by artists such as Rakim, Black Moon, Rass Kass, Poison Pen, Talib Kweli, Jean Grae, Killer Mike, Sean Price, Baha Men etc… He’s also provided music for the web series “P-Dash News”, the Showboat Classic web series and Documentary. Follow the link
We go a step or two further than some. If we should happen to stumble upon something we had never even thought about, that would be absolutely and completely right for someone in our family, well, that is a definite mitzvah, a blessing! (Hey, I'm playing a Jewish mother in my upcoming show....it wears off, you know?) If we find that something we know in our hearts, will touch the recipient with some emotional connection, well, we know it will be "The Best Gift". I wrote about this breifly in a previous post, (from a Christmas-Past.) The ultimate, most successful and wonderful-est gift is the one that brings the tears.
So where does that leave me. Well I agreed to a party—small, but there was real chocolate cake and some of our closest friends. That was a big step in the right direction. My dearest handled the birthday event. He has done so even though I have been non-committal and just plain difficult about it. I think he was willing to let me not let anyone do anything for my birthday, but not particularly happy about it. All I could think about was having an event that marks the fact that I am another year older. But I am okay with that–yes, I am able to handle the happy birthday party. I am even fine with some ugly over-the-hill cards. Laughing at my age, at my age, is good for the soul.
raging like reckless fire
Whether you paint, draw, take photographs, knit, sew, or glue macaroni onto paper plates, we want to see your creative output.
Now some of these won’t make sense to you (I’ll try to explain), but here we go and give it a cost rating. Cause that’s just fun. (Free, $ little money, $$ some money, $$$ lots of money.)
Assuming you aren’t weirded out by the artwork then LotFP shines as pretty much the tightest version of D&D ever. This virtue comes across most clearly in the section devoted to what I call “operations”, i.e. how to open a door or check for traps or crap like that. Most reviews of most D&D descendants (and many whole games!) completely skip this stuff because it's usually boring to read, but in actual dungeoneering play these mechanics are crucial. LotFP delivers the best, most coherent set of operations rules I’ve ever seen.
2 Unlimited No limit B/NL
As the line of storms hit our area, it rained cats and dogs, but not long. Even well before colonial times, superstitious persons believed cats symbolized the rain and dogs the wind; thus, the saying.
“Yup, I came to watch speedskating.”
It is interesting to note, that there is no reference to David’s sin against Bathsheba and Uriah in the Book of Chronicles. This could be due to Chronicles focusing on the kings of Judah, from which Jesus’s lineage came. However, we do see that there were many evil kings of the Southern Kingdom as well.
Saturday morning I decided I would finish trimming and hauling the holly hedge. This is an undertaking because it's 2oo linear feet of hedges and uphill hauling. As the clock rolled around to mid afternoon I noticed some of the bushes were looking droopy. This is not a good sign. I never get too worried when the annuals go to drooping but when the shade growing bushes get the droop it is an indication of urgent need. So I turned the sprinklers on and went to fetch bags of mulch.
One piece of advice that was given to me at the script-writing workshops. Hear the way that strangers talk. See what you can learn from their personality through their conversations. Pick up the pauses, the slang, the tone. It’s gold.
One of the many new 'Delft' tiles I am creating for my Umbra Sumus (We Are But Shadows) solo show at the end of this month (April 27 - 29 inclusive) in Spitalfields.
We wrapped up the leftovers for another day. And the darned thing came back to life!
In China they placed their faith in ponzi lending and collateral of stockpiles of copper …. After the credit and banking bust, the Chinese like the Europeans will place their trust in the seigniorage of diktat.
...Live, Laugh and Love peeps, I wish all of you a happy and prosperous 2012 New Year ahead..Cheers from NYC.
Avery Brewing Company New World Porter
And one.
as a holding bay for prisoners who were going to be transported.
On a subject other than art, Ben and I take Owen to the Child Development Centre every week, and on one visit they gave us some songs and activities that could help him (and Angus) develop the baby things that they need to develop.
Time Out.
While the Overall was a palate ripping bitter hop bomb this is a more tempered affair, not a full-frontal assault more of a measured bombardment, but still with masses of flavour and complexity. It pours a muddy orange amber with a rocky tan-coloured head. The aroma is like smelling a sharp, tart and bitter orange coffee marmalde with a wet ashiness giving you a big hint of what's in store. It's slightly oily but also drying on the palate, with citric coffee and orange peel and honeyed nougat flavours washing through before seemingly pooling on the centre of the tongue, pushing a big pine lemony nutty grapefruit aroma up into and completely filling the nose. A citrussy hoppy maltiness in the aftertaste leaves a wispy smokey roast bitter coffeeness playing in the mouth and nose, and an intense dry bitterness drying slowly on the back of the throat.
Ignorance masquerading as the intelligentsia is never impressive. Promoting hate for the sake of visitor hits is pathetic.
However, there are also some paintings from his time spent in America when he was better known for his paintings of Californian swimmings pools than English landscapes. Some of his paintings were originally iPad sketches which he has transferred to canvas. One of his old lecturers from his days as a student in his home town of Bradford has described his work as that of a decorator. I only wish that I could decorate half as well as him.
Shouting 'fire' in a crowded room is not the excercise of free speech, and preaching race hatred, especially in a city which knows such relative deprivation and has remarkably harmonious and wide racial diversity, should not be protected as a right, but clearly seen for what it is, vindictive and malicious poison.
How long before you’re hearing about Hugo & Victor everywhere you turn? Start counting sheep backwards. It will be before you reach…
it's as if we're taking that flat,
Standing in the water I watched the shapes made by the frothy layers of fabric and lace; snake-like. The sea crashed and seethed as gulls circled. By the time we walked back, photos finished, the sun had once again disappeared behind a cloud and coffee beckoned.
Romney Also Alleged That The National Rifle Association Endorsed Him In 2002 - Another Mistake. "Romney claimed on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' last Sunday that he received from the National Rifle Association while running for governor of Massachusetts in 2002, when it turned out the group had never endorsed him." (The New York Times, 12/22/07)
Hashimoto notices in his work that any cultural bearing that kites have also carry a cultural and political dimension. As the delicate rice paper frames stand suspended or hang out from the wall, the solid graphic symbols, not quite recognizable, bring the viewer quietly into a world where kites can serve as release from political tyranny or the day to day rigor of life. Hashimoto tries to weave his formal concerns with the visual social reality around him. In this pursuit, he is successful. While the sculptures serve as a quite brilliant reflection of sculpture and painting, they also present a festive quality of a pageant. When the kites form a cave, somewhere between flight and enclosure, they call attention to the limits of the room, serving as passages out of the room and as chains to stay in the room. Such limits are constantly imposed by society as well and the Hashimoto teaches us this beautiful lesson.
At 7pm, I told the kids to shut off all electronics, and start on their chores. In about an hour, the house looked MUCH better. I sent the big kids to their rooms to read, and helped the little kids clean their room. I helped them with their prayers, tucked them in, and turned out the light. I had to go back in about 5 minutes later for something, and realized that they were both awake. And sleeping in the same bed.
You’re wondering if it is really worth it though. Absolutely! You can get people to check in sporadically for sales, coupon codes, new releases etc… but if you give people something they feel they are a part of they will check back far more regularly just to see what is happening with it. You’ll get your visitors not only engaging with you, but with your other visitors as well. This helps foster positive feelings about your brand and that is something you can’t buy.
No more denial. No more excuses. We have an unhealthy marriage. There I said it. It’s not me, it’s not him – it’s us.
And while I reached down
Here is the 7th installment of Silver Canyon's Pantone Spring Color Series featuring work of the Jewelry on Etsy Team- http://silvercanyons.blogspot.com/2010/02/fashion-color-report-for-spring-2010_24.html
Plot
Well, the next morning, we started our riding route. I was impressed that people offered me large sums of money for my bike. That’s when I started to think, ‘Why not founding an NGO to distribute bicycles in Cuba?’
1) making a purchase on our LP website
But a more nuanced portrait of Zimmerman has emerged from a Reuters investigation into Zimmerman’s past and a series of incidents in the community in the months preceding the Martin shooting…
Bank of America in California refused to accept cash for a mortgage payment. The manager of the bank said it was against their policy to accept legal tender physical currency (aka U.S. dollars) as payment for BoA mortgages.
PLEASE NOTE:
Leftover chicken
I then jumped out of bed and ran downstairs to get them. In the process, I hit my hip on my dresser, stubbed my toe on my door frame, and stumbled down the stairs, my body unable to keep up with the speed that I demanded of it. I raced over to my purse, rummaging through every inch of it until I found them. “Aha!”, I said aloud, and raised the glasses up in the air, triumphantly. “Got ‘em!”
The Owls replaced United as the second place of the league table with a one-point lead.
4. In the Pocket
Remarkably, he didn't launch. The rocket sat on the pad without the motors igniting. I gave him my estimated time of arrival at the airport, and suggested that he might like to call another company with cars closer. Nope. He wanted to salvage the situation.
Today at work I found myself writing bad poems whenever I took a break. I don’t know why. I don’t write poems often. But I can be consistently bad at it. I tweeted about it, and someone asked to share one. So, here you go, dear reader, a bad poem from a work break:
When it's cold they huddle together for warmth, when their father comes home and beats them they take it together, and when they play it's rough or involves them hunting together like a pack. Their mother works graveyard shifts at the local brewery, often getting confused as to what time of day or even day it is. The boys learn not to correct her after a while, it being easier than the time she tried to send Joel next door at midnight to get butter so she could make a cake for Manny
If being in school is like riding a train, then traditional homeschooling is like riding in a car. Your parents are driving and you get to sit with your brothers and sisters if you have any. But other than these two common elements, the details of the car ride can vary greatly, depending on your parents' views on education.
K. Kids: Emmett Jeffrey, born 1/8/2011
TV series: Leave It to Beaver (1957-63); The New Leave It to Beaver (aka Still the Beaver) (1984-85; 1986-89)
All five inmates were eventually released from lockdown. But one of the dancing inmates snitched on Martucci, triggering an investigation.
Sounds great! The movie creates all the stardust that Hollywood is famous, or infamous, for. But really think about it. Would you give up everything about your life to be with someone new? Tommy knew Fiona for one day. He met practically everyone in the village. The village population might swell over time, but it would never appreciably diminish. He would never drive a car again. He would never drink an old-fashioned again or listen to jazz. He would not see his family or friends again or go to a job in a high-rise again. Could you let that go? No electricity? No TV, movies, or libraries?
* Gina Samardge (Princess Penny), the accordionist, used to play with the Main Squeeze Orchestra, which is not a bit surprising. Her character has a sweet, wide-eyed innocence that no doubt helps her connect with her other major constituency when she is not playing with the Maestrosities, which is kids. (She is not only a teacher but a children’s entertainer. And, baby, both of those jobs take guts).
and so must sink,
and won the remaining sixteen holes with ease.
None of it is there
I`m feeling discombobulated. I have hardly sewn the last 10 days and so have very little to share with you. I`m feeling out of sorts in a way I can`t really describe. So I shall just share with you a taste of what`s been going on around here.
1 books
Whats in your makeup bag at the moment? Thank you for stopping by and leaving a comment :) Xoxo, Christine♥
773 - 472 - 4505
Surrounded by Chevy car plastic models.
Just what it was the poet poed?
One of these associates, the Sabah solicitor Richard Christopher Barnes, was arrested and held in custody, along with Michael Chia, at the time of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission’s (MACC) investigation into Sabah timber corruption back in 2010. Huge volumes of documents were confiscated from Barnes’ offices by investigators, who prepared a major prosecution case.
So today we celebrate the Equinox with a Hindu holiday called Nyepi. It’s basically a day of purification when Hindus (and anyone living in Bali) may not use any technology AT ALL. Everything shuts down. No traffic, no pedestrians, no home appliances, no TeeVee, and no one leaves the house. The Hindus spend outrageous amounts of money on something called ogoh-ogoh. These are elaborate constructs designed to entice and trap various spirits that ‘pollute’ the realm of the living throughout the rest of the year. Folks place them in front of their homes and groups get together and erect huge ones in public areas.
Contrary to popular belief, I’ve learned over time that dating is not always the first step when you meet someone with whom there is a mutual attraction. Sure, you may go on a date or two, but typically we all find some way to distinguish that period of time from the ever ambiguous, even though it really shouldn’t be all that complicated time of dating.
I decided that even with their warnings I still wanted to try and live in Canjayar. I began asking around if anyone knew if there were people looking for roommates, or apartments to rent. It was a bit of an adventure. I asked and one place and they told me to go with someone to ask someone else, who might have an apartment to rent. I did that and I met Domingo, who is possibly the cutest old man ever. He put my hands in his, gave me two kisses on the cheek and welcomed me to Canjayar. Then began our attempt to communicate. I thought I was understanding him, and then it was obvious I wasn’t. He was at a class, and in came in his teacher to tell me that she offered a Spanish classes. I started asking her if she knew anything about people looking for room mates, because that is what I thought she was talking about. Anyway, I met Domingo and his daughter, who lives in an apartment on the top floor of the town hall, and had an apartment to rent. Well not an apartment as much as a house. It wouldn’t have worked, because I would have had to live alone. This became the big problem, there was no one who needed a room mate. After an afternoon of looking and asking around it was obvious that there wasn’t anything. I had to be in Almeria the next morning for an orientation meeting so I rode with another teacher to the city. I stayed at a hostel (with out an elevator so I had to drag my 3 suitcases up the stairs).
Who knows, perhaps my word will gain popularity and become the common term for that. Wouldn’t that be cool?
And it didn't cost me a dime
eyes: mac quite natural paint pot, LMdB le cirque kaleidoscope 2nd tier, mac cork, mac feline, prestige my blackest lashes
Dad replies bluntly, "Yeah, well, I was walking to my office this morning when I ran into a bum begging for change. I was pretty shocked to notice he was wearing my pants."
I am praying that both start to feel better soon.
The woodland was next. I could see eyes following me through the trees, the local bear population gets hungry at this time of night so I always carry a few raw steaks with me in case they try anything funny. The eyes just turned out to be Boris though, he's a local legend around here. Even the kids get on with Boris the bear. He happily wolfed down the steak and we said our farewells.
one about the cheerleading competition I photographed last week.
Industrial Self Adhesives Ltd v Teknek Ltd and others [2012] EWPCC 10, 8 March 2012, took a look at a variation on a theme that is becoming increasingly common these days -- the question whether the settlement of a case actually finishes it off or whether there is scope for further fiddling around with it. The Chancery Division, England and Wales, recently visited this question in a different context, involving a post-settlement consent order in a trade mark infringement action which was subsequently challenged for, among other things, breach of EU competition law (see IPKat post here). In that case, the strong public interest in the finality of a dispute settlement was emphasised. Industrial Self Adhesives Ltd v Teknek was however exploring a different post-settlement issue: might the Patents County Court for England and Wales amend a patent post-settlement.
In just four hours are team of nine volunteers including Kate Green MP gave away more than twice the amount of Oyster card holders we’d originally expected too, spreading the ‘Sack Boris’ message to 100s of Londoners.
With that being said, my counters do resemble butcher block just not 100% and the cost was ONLY $56 for the whole project. I did my counters all by myself and took one whole weekend to complete so Ladies don't think that this project is too difficult to take on. If you can work a jig saw than go for it.
Nita Jane Ayres
No vintage for Kitty style this week. My bedroom is a mountain of clean washing that needs putting away and Kitty's room is pretty much in the same state so rather than chose a particular outfit this week we played pull some random clothes from the washing pile. This little gap dress was a fave last year and it still fits but is a little short. We teamed it with an old wash worn pair of navy leggings also from gap and a pom pom hairclip from gymboree. I would have put her red chucks on to complete the look but as you can see from the last pic Kitty had a little skateboarding accident the other day and has scraped the skin off the top of her feet. Obviously she is not keen on shoes right now so while we are home she is barefoot. I'm not sure what she was doing in these photos but it sure was making me dizzy.
I write,
There are a couple exceptions to this immunity to emotion:
Heat water in microwave for about 20 - 30 sec with sugar.
Let me start by saying this one should have been lower. I think I let my affection for Demetri Martin's one-man shows and his charmingly quirky style override my good sense. Which isn't to say this isn't a great comedy album, full of great one-liners and word play and one of the highest LPM (laughs per minute, coined by Martin as he opens his set with 3 jokes in five seconds) in the business. That extremely high LPM is a function of both Martin's superb writing and delivery and his habit of keeping jokes only as long as they need to be and no more, often forgoing the set-up entirely and diving straight into the punchline, which works better than you'd expect. Martin frequently mixes music into his set, such as on "Sames and Opposites," and "Personal Information Waltz," both of which are about what you're thinking they're about (things that are the same and other things that are opposites, and Martin telling "true" things about himself set to a waltz). As just a string of jokes, it lacks the cohesion of his one man shows, but when the japes are this good it doesn't really matter.
Oil (for frying)
Our dossier is already in Paris!
New and unknown.
Todas las estrellas están florecidas.”
Well, I have been cooking more lately but just didn't have time to update my blog. So I would like to upload some of the things I made recently.
And the secret to book marketing is that there is no secret, or at least not a secret you can count on repeating time after time. Even New York publishers with all their millions and industry contacts strike out about 80 percent of the time. There's no silver bullet, only a loaded gun. I've bought ads and book sponsorships and placements at nearly every ebook site in town. Some work better than others, and some work but not consistently. I am now applying my experience to eBookSwag with my partner Michelle and our staff. It's a mixture of lessons I have learned: giveaways, audience building, good books, fun, a community, everyone wins.
As for your MD boyfriend/prospect/ex, don’t be an online stalker, okay? I remember how Liam had to block Ara and Ara’s relatives from his Facebook because Ara was messaging Liam non-stop and stalking him through the accounts of her relatives. If you recall, Liam trusted me enough to give me his password so I could increase his security settings then. Ladies, don’t be an Ara who had to be blocked by an MD from the latter’s account.
to chill my pale bones
Al: My master says to soak for ten minutes.
Comparing with the quality of these articles, the price is really very very low.
Foreign speculation over an eventual ideological succession isn’t a justifiable cause for concern other than if that nation, have political agendas to undermine another nation’s domestic political affairs and national liberty. The Indonesian Communist Party (PKI) was gaining increasing control over Sukarno’s regime which alarmed the United States a great deal. The US government with the CIA staged several coup attempts using Indonesia’s army as a proxy. However, it failed to unseat Sukarno mostly due to his loyal generals. In a desperate diplomatic move to unseat Sukarno, the US publicly announced that all aid to Indonesia will cease. This of course is a lie. The US continued to "increase" its support toward strengthening the Indonesia’s army. To keep the American activities below the radar, instead of funding through government agencies (which keeps detailed financial records), private individuals and American oil companies like Stanvac and Caltex were put as the middle men bankrolling crucial army operations.
I love my husband. He’s the other half of me. I know that’s not exactly cool to say, but it’s true. He makes all the other love I ever felt before feel like swimming in a tepid, plastic, wading pool. He makes all the feelings I’ve ever felt feel like a sneeze. Sure, they were satisfying, but in the end, they were fleeting.
Since we are now officially done with the first month of 2012 (and, by the way, how did that happen already?!) I figured it was time to check in and see if there was anything I could check off my list.
No one can deny continuation of the “Great Game” in Afghanistan which in turn was the continuation of the so-called ‘Cold War’.
Simple Beginning
Dan Pauk & Thi Saun Hin - February 23
“(CBC) It’s hard to fault Ueda for his lack of enthusiasm. This was supposed to be the year he followed Japan’s decades-long, springtime tradition that sees hundreds of thousands of students bloom into full-time workers.
As with all commissions involving people, it isn't a portrait of either Janey or her cat, but rather a painting of her sadness and of a girl and a cat that might be Janey or someone else. I rather liked it in its blue circular simplicity. The original hangs on her wall in Australia now, but you can buy prints from my shop here.
A. regarded preserving the Union as their top priority.
Music has a great effect on me. A some what weird effect also, you could say. For one, some body appendage is always moving when I’m listening to music. Either my foot is tapping, or my leg is shaking, or the most noticeable, my head is bobbing. Considering that I’m listening to music almost all the time, one of these things is always happening. Foot tapping is fine as long as it isn’t too loud. On occasion, that also happens. In the bus or in my cubicle, loud foot taps, and I don’t realize it because my earphones are drowning all other sounds around me. The head bobbing, or should I say entire body swaying, is something that quite some people notice, and when I notice that they’re noticing, there’s two things I resort to doing. Some times, like a regular person, I stop or reduce the intensity of my ‘dance’. Other times, me being me, I continue dancing, may be even increasing the intensity of the head bobbing, BOOYAH!
“Moving forward, it will be important for EPA to address carbon emissions for existing power plants as well,” said Kevin Kennedy, the U.S. climate director at the research group World Resources Institute. “Existing plants represent a significant opportunity to improve efficiency and reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.”
We now head back to Argentina for my next bottle in my continuing Wine Tasting Adventure.
Happy Friday lovelies! I have a monochromic look to share with you today. I usually don't wear one colour all over unless it's more of a neutral shade like beige or brown. But berries and burgundies are my fave makeup shade for eyes, cheeks and lips so I thought why not where them everywhere on my face! MAC Smoke Signal pigment remains one of my top favourite pigments of all time and it's a must for a look like this. I'm so glad I have it, it compliments all berry, purple and burgundy shades very nicely and can also be used to achieve a gorgeous burgundy smokey eyes (ideal on hazel and green eyes). Georgio Armani Red Lust Eyes to Kill e/s is also a great shade to accompany a look like this. I soooo need more Eyes to Kill shades, it's been a year since I bought this one and still haven't got around to collecting more.
Decent pricing
It's the story of (would you have ever guessed?) the wife of a pilot. Kathryn's husband has flown passenger planes on transatlantic routes for years, and she has grown accustomed to the infrequency and irregularity of his time at home with her and their fifteen-year-old daughter, Mattie. But even though she is used to Jack being away often, nothing could have prepared her for the news she receives in the middle of the night: the plane Jack was piloting has gone down.
When the sky turns grey our mood tends to turn grey resulting in a desire to hibernate. How does a grey sky make you feel compared to a vibrant blue sky?
He laughs and talks ups storm..
I’m so thankful that that mindset is now a thing of the past. I am moved to tears to see all of the beautiful ways families are now encouraged to celebrate the short lives of their tiny babies. We are able to not only create memories, but we’re able to preserve them with foot prints, hand prints, locks of hair, and photographs. Proof to us and the world that our treasured babies EXISTED even if only for a short time.
If all editions of the Work in the USA and Canada which have been published or licensed by the Publisher are out of print, and if, within six (6) months after written demand by the Author or the Author's representative, the Publisher does not agree to provide within an additional six (6) months adequate stock to meet the normal demand for the Work, or to arrange for a reprint or book-club edition...this Agreement will forthwith terminate and all rights in the Work will revert to the Author...The Work shall be considered in print if it is for sale by the Publisher in any edition, or if it is under option or license granted by the Publisher. This used to be all that was needed. Books were physical objects only; they took up room in warehouses, and when they stopped selling in significant numbers it was in the publisher's interest to clear warehouse space by removing them from sale and pulping them or selling them to remainder dealers (especially after the Supreme Court's 1979 decision in the Thor Power Tools case made warehousing more expensive).
A Huge Plus is that most of the songs express love of the Divine, As Rama, or Devi or Ganesha or Siva and so on.. so one’s mind turns to divinity.
1 alert
In the summer, the forest is a nice reprieve from the heat. Just walking into the tree line is about five or more degrees cooler, or so it seems. It is sudden heat relief.
These tales are packed with humour, heroes, victims and fear. They jangle in your veins and won't leave you alone. Manchester 6 is about the real streets, and the author knows what he's talking about.
The website for the University of Maryland Medical Center shared a few more homeopathic, herbal, and physical remedies for pain and other physical markers that women get every month or so.
The challenge I am starting is to stop buying any form of grains until I use what I have in my pantry right now.
Day four the Tindle strikers regrouped in Enfield Town, before drafting a press release rebutting claims that we have not been helpful in generating revenue-raising ideas (see below).
Thank you to everyone who joined in with last months Jungle challenge and also to our fab sponsors.
Let Your Heart Be Broken
Jack leaned back. "Don't get so excited. Tell away."
“As you relax, you’re safe in every way. Pleasant thoughts, pleasant memories, proud little pieces of the past float through your mind. Pieces of truth Shaun. As you relax into the strength, there is no bottom and there is no bad. As you relax into the power Shaun, let the strength trickle through you. Let the strength run through your body from the top of your head to the tip of your toes. Let the soft gentle strength run through you and flush out doubts, fear and things that were never really true. Even if they were true as a child Shaun, they were never true. You just happened to be there. Now you can see the truth.”
E-mail
still dripping wet
Being held hostage by what the wind and the rains could do drove us more than a little nuts. Only so many goods can be baked, so many games played, so much shut-eye acquired. I know my grandparents were probably more than a little disappointed to find that this storm didn't require us to evacuate - if Lee had become a full-fledged hurricane, we'd have headed up to my parents' in Oklahoma City where, coincidentally, my grandparents happened to be visiting this past weekend. After having checked the Gulf Coast surf reports early Monday morning in a last-ditch gesture of eternal hope that was dashed on discovering the possible wave heights, I found myself wishing we'd piled into the car and gone anyhow, even if the closest body of water we'd be near would be the artificial Lake Hefner. Maybe if I were experiencing all of this by myself, things would've been different, but the cabin fever my husband was suffering was highly contagious.
I love my Kojaks so much, I had a custom wheel built for my BOB Yak and bought a 16 x 1.25″ version which has significantly reduced the rolling resistance over the awful knobbly tyre that came with it as stock.
Today is the first day that she has used walking as her primary mode of movement, even seeming to really enjoy it. So, I do think our little walk yesterday helped her confidence quite a bit in the walking arena. We'll definitely be going on more walks with the buggy to further encourage muscle development and confidence.
3B – Adrian Beltre
Finally Friday ~ I know everyone is looking forward to the weekend and in our case, it already started. The kids have a long weekend from school for a winter break. It's always nice to have a few days where the routine is put aside!
and guess what..today the sitemeter reached 1000 posts (since march when i installed it) kinda cool and thank you, istavanski..you were the #1000...no prize, just thanks!
3) Comment on this blog post to let us know that you have done steps 1 and 2.
By the way, when and why did they change the name of Calcutta to Kolkata?
11. The Steel Tunnel (2:29)
578 D-XI/1/1968. “Election Eve, 1968: Parties and Prospects.” South Suburban Committee for Humphrey and Muskie, Democratic Party Headquarters, Park Forest, Illinois. (Alternative title: “What Can Be Said For the Vice-President?”)
How I heard about the Golden Baobab Prize (just a sentence or two)
Part of what makes us more fruitful is God working in us in pruning us. This is the Greek word καθαίρει the present, indicative, active form of καθαίρω or kathairō. This is the act of purification or cleansing to make something free from filth. God does this in all of us to make us more fruitful in His Kingdom. This can sometimes hurt. He takes away some things that we have our hearts set on. He changes our lives in ways we would not choose. He may take away our health, our job, whatever it takes to purify us to make us Kingdom ready to make us free from any improper mixture or contamination of the world and its ways.
Now, as if that wasn't enough news, here's the scoop on our Summer Beer Fest!
A big Merci Beaucoup for all y’alls friendship and support of our tiny brewery. We are thankful for that as well.
Okay…
We pulled out another victory beating Sedes Sapientia 3-0 and are on to the semi-finals. That game will happen in a couple weeks.
Being in a band as a hobby, not a steady job, takes up most of your energy. Steini had a wife and a son in 1987. He wasn’t all that interested in "rock" music anymore and leaned towards classical guitar music. He wanted to quit, but before he did we convinced him of doing two things: making another record and playing with The Sugarcubes on their first major UK tour. We played only three gigs on the Sugarcubes tour, the biggest one being at the London Astoria for about 2.000 people, which was of course the largest crowd we'd ever played to. This was a nice time for us; we got to eat exotic food, get very drunk and get close to famous people backstage. The record was fittingly called 'Bless' and had four songs. Sigurjón Kjartansson from Ham produced this 12" EP. I rehearsed with Ham for a while in the summer of 1988, but played only one gig with them though. With Steini out of the picture, Biggi and I formed a new band (fittingly called Bless, to promote the recently released EP, ‘S. H. Draumur’) with Ari Eldon of Sogblettir.
Fabulous! A gay ice cream party! I love it! And I love that these are all regular sounding desserts. Everyone tries to be so fancy and unique with their cakes and stuff, they don’t make vanilla, it’s marzipan instead, or, you know the cheesecake has gooseberries or something gross on it. Have you watched any of the shows on the Food Network lately? It’s horrifying. The host will start off making something good, like a chocolate cake. They’ll bake it and put it on a plate and it’s looking all yummy, but then, in a misguided effort to seem sophisticated and unique they’re like “And now we’ll make the icing, which will be a mango chutney salsa spread,” or something equally as bad and I’m watching like “Noooooo! Stop you’re ruining it!”
In closing, I have to say this subject is a tip of an enormous iceberg of high “social capital” people have the right of way of whoring attention of the disorder, while lower “social capital” (PC for being a “hick”) gets treated like crap.
Speech is one of the most refined fine-motor functions in the body. Several sensory systems need to work together for speech to develop and progress. These include the auditory (listening), visual (looking), tactile (touch), and proprioceptive (inner awareness in the muscles and joints) systems. When the sensory systems work together, a child’s attention can also improve. Attention, focus, and concentration are needed for all motor learning (including speech). Pediatric occupational therapists assess and treat sensory processing disorders.
Row 34- ch1, turn, sc in 3, sc dec, sc in 7, sc dec, (sc in 9, sc dec) 4 times, sc in 6, sc dec, sc in last 3, (62)
DONG!
Students were recognized for scholarship awards or for their work on university teams in national and international competitions. Faculty members were celebrated for their outstanding teaching and research endeavors.
Cooking well takes time. Practice. Repetition. Focus. There are times where you feel like you're absolutely killing yourself. You tell yourself "there is no fucking way I could push harder than I am now." Then your chef throws two more dishes on your station. Graph goes up.
When you turn on the tv…. read a newspaper….. listen to the radio…. it seems like we hear story after story of Children disappearing…….. wifes or husbands vanishing…. not a day goes by, I doubt, that something, somewhere has happened to someone that is beyond imagination. They tend to look first at family members, which to me, has to be a horrible thing to have to go through… but… more times than not… it ends up being the one that is supposed to be the protector, the lover, the caregiver… the one that is supposed to be the most trusted person in their life.
10 IBUs (0.5 oz.)
However it happened, I definitely got to benefit.
* Insufficient beating of water, flour and butter before adding eggs – the water/flour/butter batter needs to develop sufficiently (i.e. dried out) to provide structure
I got lost
Despite what the media, government and countless false churches will tell you, homosexual behavior is still a sin. It is a forgivable sin, and one that people can be rescued from, but it is still a sin. If you can’t bring yourself to say that then Christianity may not be for you.
Corin Roscoe, an antiques store owner, is a man fighting fears relatable to us all: ones with family, with friends, with God. His days are haunted with harsh realities and his nights by dreams of horrific incidents endured. He reaches many crossroads in this book: does he hang onto fear or face it? Hang onto guilt or seek forgiveness? Deny the truth or accept it? And when life offers him a choice between the easy road or the high road–when the easy road will spare him further struggles–which does he choose?
Once released from the misery of enforced running, I didn’t look back for a very long time, and thought I never would. Running was boring and painful, especially without a companion. But the specter of poor health and weight gain has loomed larger as we get older. Neither is an immediate threat, but a couple of years ago I could easily I imagine that if I kept up my same non-exercising, ice-cream-loving lifestyle for decades, both would be – and John had similar thoughts and concerns. At the time, we were both grad students and on slim grad student incomes, and could think of nothing cheaper than buying running shoes and heading out the door. I impressed myself: I kept up an every-other-day running regimen for several months, until the busy-ness of the fall semester and the boringness of it kicked in, and holiday travel disrupted our schedules, and that was an end of it.
When I turned 12 my parents decided to send me to a week long summer camp. I realize now that this was just an excuse for getting me and my brother out of the house so my parents could have some quality alone time. But for me it was a big step. I had never been away from family for that length of time. I was scared but at the same time I was also excited.
Enchanted is an adorable novel in its entirety. From the Woodcutter family to the royal family, sinister secrets and magics abound, and I could not seem to stop turning the pages, driven by a need to know what happened next. As lead characters, Sunday and Rumbold were a charming duo, and I enjoyed seeing both of their points of view. I thought the conflicts keeping them apart were really well done, both internally, as Rumbold wondered if Sunday could love him due to their tangled histories, and externally, with threats from various magical sources. The threats to their happiness felt real, which made the climax of Enchanted that much more breathless and awesome.
I go to the doctor today and of course, the dreaded scale. I step on and I want to cry as the number goes higher than it has ever been. I’m at my breaking point and it was all I could do not to cry in the doctors office. I have battled with a fluctuation in my weight my whole life. When I was a child I was on the little side, but it got to the point when I started to pack on the baby fat (as people call it). I have always been insecure and have never known my self worth. As a child my grandmother would say to me ”Oh, you shouldn’t eat that. You’re getting so big.” What child needs to hear something like that? Growing up when every thing around you is so influenced on body image due to the ideal of what Hollywood thinks a person should look like. Things haven’t changed, people haven’t changed, it’s still the same way. It’s no wonder people have so many insecurities and issues about themselves.
He remember looking at the little girl. He’d been eighteen at his blooding. And the girl, the girl had been twelve. Innocent, with wide eyes, he had known she was the type of child to spend her time studying. The type of child who was afraid of something, something that she would inevitably hold secret until the day she died. She was the kind of child such conscience should be given. But he couldn’t. Not with those eyes watching him. Not when they stared at him so widely innocent.
Surging unemployment rates from Spain to Italy and Greece are threatening efforts to quell the region’s debt crisis and keeping bond yields close to record premiums relative to benchmark German bunds.
I know those other moms are probably very nice women. I'm just not ready. I get all hive-y and uncomfortable just thinking about it. Maybe I have social anxiety. What? I can't have social anxiety? The Bloggess is allowed to use that but not me-- I'm just a cantankerous old bitch? Well, maybe...
He did not hear back from the prime minister but he says that within days, an RCMP officer was knocking on his door.
If not, now you do.
Now let me back up a little and explain. I spent Sunday with some friends on the North Shore of Oahu, You know, where everyone goes to watch the big waves and surfers trying to navigate the Banzai Pipeline.
Chelsea: Petr Cech; Jos e Bosingwa, Branislav Ivanovic, John Terry, Ryan Bertrand; John Obi Mikel, Raul Meireles; Ramires, Florent Malouda, Daniel Sturridge; Fernando Torres
Occasionally, these two readers turn out to be different people, when they should be the same. But, your words will reveal all ... if you're prepared to look at them objectively.
2 interested
Thanks for stopping by again folks, much appreciated. LG knows that you have a lot of demands on your time on a daily basis and he thanks you for checking in once in a while over here at The LG Report. Muchos gracias.
Sometimes, even when you really like something, you have to let on like you like it EVEN MORE to satisfy the people around you. And to get out of there.
four cubits make a man
In my whole life this was the only time I ever wanted to hit my mother. How could she?
But the surprise face among the leaders was Couples, who plays mainly on the senior Champions Tour but showed has vast understanding of the course where he won his only major.
I've really enjoyed your comments and letting me know that you would like to join my Stamp Stack if you lived close enough. I sure wish we could get together. Wouldn't it be fun!
The artistic effect of the bottle wall is a way of conveying new ideas of how the Mantanani people could make something pretty out of stuff they would have normally thrown away.
I could never participate in any discussion about free speech that did not allow such a self-contradictory premise to be challenged. For one thing, I do not regard freedom of speech as an end in itself, but merely as a means towards the end of permitting people to be fully accountable for their own opinions. This means that I am not opposed to entertaining arguments over the possibility of any better mechanism to allow people total responsibility for their own beliefs. Also, if freedom of speech is really to be an axiom, then it absolutely must include freedom to advocate the end of free speech, if only to develop the countervailing argument.
Actress Michelle Williams channels the international megablond who captured the heart of a baseball player, an American President, a best selling novelist, and left indelible screen images in everything from The Seven Year Itch to the haunting Misfits. Oscar buzz has already begun and she certainly looks the part. The film also starts Judi Dench and Kenneth Branaugh.
The mental mind-fucking that goes on while waiting is absolutely incredible. I was doing everything that I knew I shouldn’t be doing – I wasn’t trusting my “inner self” – I was second guessing everyone and everything. Thank God I’d given up drinking years earlier – I’m quite certain that if I hadn’t, I’d have brought an entirely new definition of “The Ides of March” to the forefront.
In a South London pub.
As I stated in January, my talented consigliere, Gregg, was ticketed for carrying a sign that was "too big"--according to some arcane local ordinance. This will be at least a $135 fine, possibly more. He has asked for a jury trial.
10 re
Beloved:
Hey Cara mia, let's leave this boring opera and head home for a little boffiati.
what the general procedure is for implementing transition-related workplace changes, such as adjusting personnel and administrative records, as well as a communication plan for coworkers and clients.
I need your votes to #makethestage @internetweek New York http://j.mp/I0hHXN This presentation is to the design professional or amateur entering the startup field... From concept to consumer support how is technology affecting the independent design sector... yes not ALL fashion professionals have thesame tools and processes!
No, local brewing is nothing new at all, but it is a massive fall from grace for Beck’s, which once tried to distinguish itself from all the brewed-under-licence lager brands by using the line ‘Only ever brewed in Bremen, Germany’.
Tell potential suitor that you...
A while later I presented him with this:
I picked him up this afternoon, almost unable to pick him from the line-up of little boys. One thing a uniform does is make a person blend in, right? When he spotted me, waiting to collect him, he beamed. Suddenly he stood out like a beacon.
Lissa’s uncle, Victor Dashkov, finds out Lissa can use spirit and forces his daughter to lure Lissa out, eventually kidnap Lissa and tormenting her in to healing him, because his is terminally ill. While distracting Rose and Dimitri are under a strong lust spell. This, I think is to bad, is broken off by Dimitri. And they end up saving Lissa from her uncle.
The Free Fringe is not a ‘business model’. It is a model for the liberation of performers from the chains imposed on them by others making profit on their labour. Thus, we must be a non-profit organisation. The Free Fringe is free in many senses. Among those freedoms is freedom from the (perceived, not real) need for reviews.
He's really making good progress and we have several big piles that will need to be burned come spring. This isn't a true before and after, but here is a shot of what he's starting with and how well he cleans it up (just not the same spot).
The hulking mass of unfinished brick and concrete at 20-13 35th St. is so unsightly, it became a poster child for zoning reform.
The 2004 IIFA award ceremony witnessed a contingent of over 450 stars, celebrities, cricketers, industrialists and government leaders over the festive weekend.
Plus, I have also been allowing myself not to get ‘stressed’ over things that have not been done! If the ironing is not done right now, it’s not the end of the world! If that phone call is made tomorrow rather than today, then that’s OK too! Living in the moment and allowing myself the time to get ‘back to feeling great’!
(5) What's the barrier to entry and why is the business sustainable?
In response to an over-whelming number of comments we sat down and created a list of do (s) and don’t (s) – these recommendations are easy to follow and except for - adding some herbs to your rinse . So let’s get begin…
